Desk put together, room all set up. Oh boy, oh boy
They're not applauding because you don't have a button!
in MD MIAA-A Boys Lax action, St Mary's Annapolis goes into Loyola-Blakefield's house and leaves with a victory. 11-8
aw. Okay
I used to give a damn, but I'll never give a fuck
YES girl -_____- pathetic
So I guess Wiltjer is staying
Cool--good luck!
Chilling in the studio! (:
Greenwich. One of my most favorite places on earth. I love walking this area at night during the summer.
better question. Why do womans NCAA players look so much like men...
I Want To Win peoples hearts to not get any hate towards me :( i am very hated Idk y :(
Sometimes I carry a large butcher knife, just in case
send me an email and I will followup directly. Tom
and this week, it'll be in the mid-70's! It might as well be spring
I thought fluoridated drinking water was the norm throughout the U. S.
Come to the #UNM SUB lower level to see #Verizon between 10:00 and 2:00pm today for free stuff.
no child nanas home bored as shit getting high off my own supply...on a gangsta lean blowing on some blue dream...
i want Gerard Butler SO
The Kentucky Derby feels like the superbowl of horse racing.
great :) because you scared me here for a few minutes! I come from a land of no tornadoes and extreme weather!
Microsoft Tests Out Mandatory Supplier Sustainability Reporting
Need 10 to go and follow and for me! If you do, you get a shoutout to over 10k followers! #Retweet !
well i hope its not his baby
the guitar pick brand name is, Dava. By the way
I LOVE NICK YOUNG
Jesus, Allah, Moses, the 12 apostles, and Tibetan monks won't help Tebow tonight
Bold beggar, there.
Misty morning in #harlem. Sipping the brown stuff and preparing for a full day of #yoga for all ages.
Nice! I will listen to it at random times.
I AGREE!
Tournament Time! Let's Go
cannot wait for dinner with twitterless Missy. desperately in need of some real food and wine.
Watching "harry potter and the chambers of secrets" c: After a long talk with my exboyfriend :(
Last menu I did had abt 12 diff preps for oysters - who knew they could be roasted... and served on toast.
words can't describe how much i love thai food.
I guess I've always needed to be needed by someone. It's a comforting feeling being under someone's thumb.
Happy with the win, but I wish our "leader" would start playing like one consistently
I guess that explains a lot
So proud of my fellow UP Church Choir Member Kim Yarbrough on The Voice 2!
Hawks need a goalie. Please stan bowman stop the pain.
6:50 pm and & Scott Shipley look great in the broadcast booth! US Olympic Trials
sure! :) Love you so much too, cutie! :) xoxo♥
You win. Funniest friend all day. Hell - that one might win for the whole month. Thanks for the smile. I needed that today!!
aw that's so sad...
One more week to show we value the #environment over greed. #StopSDGEPowerlink Monday March 7!
RT : I like to celebrate the Ides of March by stabbing a Caesar salad to death. RT
Why does your computer have 12 updates when you are ready to go home? #unplug?
today was fun minus the part where i hit my head on a wall.
like Argentina v England 1998 or Portugal v England 2006?
SloPig was a great hit with lots of great chefs and bartenders. Thanks everyone who came out and tried our punch!
DJ Pipster... Bringing the funk! Ha...
thanks man! You are going to love our new stuff!
From Justn (7:55pm): Showers in central WI have nearly fallen apart. Look for sprinkles in FDL & Sheb. Co. before 11pm.
Gin isn't a vegetable, silly, it's a fruit!
RT Ready to watch my UK boys play!!
which part have you been to?
Defender : Defeater is next! Then Lords of Discipline, Burn The Ides and lastly Bounty Hunter. Still plenty of time to get to The Loft!
Two growlers from Turtle Mountain Brewery. Gonna be a good weekend.
P. Diddy has a yacht now that's controlled by an iPad
(Please note: the reviewer in question is anonymous. So I have no idea who this lifelong 'friend' is.)
Excited to be presenting today with , and at
IM finally gonna do my the motto ive been wantin to do for months. i guess im doin it solo lol
I'm watching the most random movies tonight. Mission Impossible followed by 17 Again.
Don't I know it! Would be interested in sharing thoughts sometime if you are. My contact info is at www.notmessenger.com
i wanna show love 2 my gf she's been workin so hard these past few weeks-Although we talk less i understand && am So Proud of U
are u mane in this year ?
I might have to disagree..Crispin Glover has more sharp angles...
yea bright and early in the meowning at the meowting, about our meowsconduct
Thanks for the RT's today!
WOOHOO! Got a SCII Beta-invite!
- glad you figured it out. Give us a holler in the AM if you need help resolving or have additional questions.
doesn't get much better
YES! THEY ACKNOWLEDGED THE PUNT! Logic rocks.
Others believing in you is nice but worthless if not matched by your own thought. ~ Scott Moore
Biz op in Denton! We are expanding our network of sponsors! Contact us!
Bad brush fire on Wakefield TPC near 12th hole. Spreading fast!!!!
Academic publishing has embraced the e-journal, and the prospects for e-books also look promising: Give me an 'E'
Now if you were in Kentucky tonight I would be cooking that dinner for you and you would be opening that bottle !! Just saying
Chillin like a villain.
2 11-game winning streaks this year...is finally going to give the #SPURS the props they deserve and have earned?
So I went to Yahoo Answers asking what could be wrong with me and I got completely irrelevant answers...
Make my own ice cream sandwiches w homemade vanilla bean ice cream, or just eat the whole damn box of 3 doz I bought on impulse at CostCo?
Buy one book on feminist art from Amazon, Amazon believes all you want from now on are books about feminist art
People still going on about Concords? So last year,
First tweet! Yay!
"Do we strive for excellence or perfection?" Whats the difference? Your thoughts.
oh ok
87 in your mouth
happy to move on to your point, esp if you concede that appearance attacks are out of bounds.
hey can u get on here for a while? plz? thanks :D
Lord FatherSonSpirit God, I want you to have all of me always. Just have me as a tool in your hand or on your shelf.
design-software.eu » Blog Archive » Guide to the Unified Process ...
didn't care much for the fencing?
I'm looking to do something random for NYE
They're unisex!
So, now that I have said my piece on the horrible schedule of the LHSAA, I would like to say Good Luck to ALL teams participating! Great Job
Come on Mojo Jojo... Lets cuddle!
transparency is the first rule of social media
Given OCLC's presence in the UK (former Fretwell-Downing), I'm sure that will change.
we'll pull through. It's Day Day time!
I miss last weeks weather..
I bet, it's hard to feel "finished" and fully prepared.
Nerad explains this is a preliminary plan to be fleshed out in community groups. MMSD.inputsession
"I'm in the woods so much I can tell you which plants are edible." --Lee Trevino.
i love the color of this cake
Be Happy, Be Healthy, Be Beautiful
Jus like in the movies baby, ima come to the rescue
Learn Bodybuilding with Elite Personal Trainer Max "The Body" at Hollywood Body Club
And it's not hometown bias. I ABSOLUTELY CAPS INTENDED can't stand Favre. A terrible ending to a career.
what does MT mean?
Hey! How are my followers? Tweet me back or txt me 16365849108
great work!
I'm just going to procrastinate all this week
Kandi gave us the last dress honey lol!!
We going to party all night , the drinks on me -Wiz Kalifa
i have a great #constanciochange (: wanna hear it?!
I did that on Friday. Early bird gets the worm?
Stoked for Kendrick and The Dream tonight!!
We miss coach Cal in Memphis
DEAR JOHN IS ON. 💜
let me see you
I just back from your opening at Tilton Gallery. Hats off! I enjoyed it very much.
These babies at Small Bar are really fucking up my buzz.
I run 48 miles on Sat/Sun and I feel like $1M, I do 250 burpees Mon/Tues and I feel like a semitruck ran me over
getting some coffee and snacks and preparing to spend all morning and lunch in a webinar with
good day just to stay in bed!
I won't be working here anymore. Unfortunately I am moving before then
"I need a man who smells like coco butter & ca$h".
Burr! It's cold out side.
Sorry to hear that! Please DM me so I can get more info on your order and address the issue for you
Anyone wanna help us out by attending our next shoot?
That's exactly what I said! loves it!
ill come take care of you (:
chubbys sounds so good right now 😍
My faux hawk is back!
"I wonder who I'm going to be sitting next to" "I bet you its mr.305" lmfao this guy looks like pibull xD
just watched the keira knightly vid 4 coco mademoiselle. in the real world keira would be suing fotog for sexual intimidation on the job
cant wait to get #COD to come out on itunes or i can juss get it in the store #OMFG i wanna meet you so badly come to #NYC soon
#cleaning 🔫 me!
I knew I could provoke you :-)
Stonewall, where grown man play.
A big thanks to the Metro State Roadrunners Volleyball Team for putting on a clinic for our Volleyball Players last night!
i watching the bolog tv right now can you follow me :)
DC Improv Comedy School Prom tonight. I can legally drink at this one. cc:
End of Day 4 in the Sony Service Watch and still no call to schedule a service call. We'll see what day % in-store tomorrow. Just Terrible
“: writes YA books. Start with "Uglies." I read tons of YA cuz so many good authors!!
hosting the ladies free all night special with free drinks tonight ladies get here only after hour spo on a friday night
1 more week of school
I can hear the excuse already. "oh, um I couldn't watch firefly b/c I had this UX Meetup thing to go to." :) haha
Got a choir concert tomorrow, can't wait!
i hate that i live so far now :l
Married to a brilliant wonderful man!!
be careful, that's how kidnappers start off with, small talk
French vanilla candle! Yes :)
Ah! also freaking out about this #Neutrality business. When will we decide we can't let the Market take care of this?
how? Did yoou see me wheen I came from lunchh?
Uh time to work
Meeting today to find out about our last 2 mnths here in Berwyn. Gotta find new work, and hope that CFD hires sooner then later.
Already know...But if it makes u feel better...knock yourself out.
How bout some Leuer w/ my Monta?!
Seriously. RT : ! Fix your audio!!!
Thanks all who attended PerformanceAnxiety @ CultureFix! We had a great turnout & an amazing night! Look forward to seeing you again soon!
Happy St. Patty's Day everyone! Slainte!
Pepsi free? #bttf RT : up can't give you a tab until you order
Sex. In America an obsession. In other parts of the world a fact.
I have nick <3
Having a great birthday today!
Oh wow congrats! That sounds great, is it your film or are you seeing someone else's?
That awkward moment when someone gets mad at you and you just can't seem to care
Some stupid girl told me that she has never heard of Lil Wayne. TF. Liar.
This is your final day to vote for the glove! Text reads to 86132! TUTORS/STUDENTS you have two weeks to return nominations for sept event!
9 am SESSION: How to Use Social Media & Earn Trust, Build Credibility" presented by Corey Perlman in Room B114
No sweat.
Will someone let find out?! He keeps saying "let me find out". D:
Focused on working out and gettin bigger ! Let's go
Why is there no one to text? 😒
I had the same feelings. There must be many, many guys like us.
We're standing and waiting for atable awkwardly with a bunch of stangers at asain buffet. Ha
I really really need a job.
So u want me to come over, cook, clean put a smile on ur face but only if I'm silent so u can do ur grad studies. Yeah, uh no.
Radio Personality of the Year - Barry G
yes, there is a fee $7/month
Excited to be at #FemTechNet with an awesome group of feminist theorists/makers
Howard is the man
I asked her if she liked black guys and she said she doesn't know any and in the Philippines black guys are bad.
that ain't my style
Cooking neck bones, beans, rice n cornbread. Yummy
Thanks for mention!
Trust me , smoking is not sexy !
Come See Our New Selections.
No problem. :-)
Aw YEAH! America’s Got Talent kicks off Monday w/ new judge Howard Stern! Make sure to check it out Monday, May 14th on NBC 7!
Thank you :) I heard Whedon made all the difference. I enjoyed the bits of humor.
got some drink in my cup now lol
Prepping for a busy weekend with two vocal performances scheduled, along with prep for a meeting with an ad agency! God is SO AMAZING!
CALL ME :3
John, we nd ur support. This campaign empowers parenting teens 2 continue their education & make safer decisions. Pls share.
so who's invited??!!
I've found a few places here that sell Stone, but nothing compares to the mecca in San Diego. See you there in Feb!
my mom took my phone don't call!!!!!!!
"Obstacles are what you see when you take your eyes off the goal"
I could live w/ a Depp cameo, but no more starring roles for him in a Burton film!!
Thanks for the feedback - glad you like the stand & the show - we love the special performance by du Soleil too
Drank about a gallon of water for my pre-employment drug screen and now they're making me wait.
I cant right now Cuz im on follow Limit, but Ill try when I can.(:
loners and hoes seeking for attention
thanks, I can learn stuff from this :). Appreciate it.
Although it IS my "beat" (I'm on drums and production), I'm not claiming it as my own. It's jus a remix. LOL!!
what's up
Abuse of your #freewill is like getting high on your own supply.
yes indeed!
Dope morning at freedom... Thankful for the fullness that following Jesus n getting with his people brings!
That's right.
Finding Love is going to be complicated for everyone..... Except me because I'm #foreveralone until that one person shows up..
That's because it is. Were you not there when I started biting people?!
#follow me for a
Just missed it
Thank you!
Hope you have a nice Thanksgiving! xo
I swear I love the library work gets done at a good pace I must say
when I did have certain cast members #'s they would never return my call. So I stopped & deleted the math.
Companies, like people, should never change who they are so others will like them. They should find those who like them for who they are....
last week in freelancing: [redacted due to problematic iPad Spell Tower issue].
Has anyone seen a Drupal module that will allow you to verify fields in one content type against fields in another?
I am talking about the past, they may win tonight, and I will gladly eat my words, but seen them lose this kind of game way too much
“: FWP will be holding wolf open house meetings throughout state. Are the wolves expected to attend?
Happy commodification of love day. Everyone is deserving of love...even you.
« ill give OKC their props but #LAKERNATION ALL DAY GET IT GOT GOOD =)» HHHAAA!! Yeah fuckin right #TeamOKC !!
Baby it's cold outside. C'mon in and warm up with a burger.
I like going out, but I LOVE being by myself listening to music a bit more.
HAVE YOU GUYS MADE IT TO MIAMA YET
When Ozzie gets suspended for saying something stupid, and multiple players don't get suspended for DUIs, the former isn't the problem.
TOPO! Weekend Explorer 3D Outdoor Recreation Mapping Software ...
I know right... I'm ready!
Wait till yall hear YGeeDot beat jack Another Round!
When ur bestfriend messes around wih u too much.
Better Call Saul
I just watched a woman yell at a man for riding his bike because her dog was afraid of it
I will rap battle at the store next time he is in town. can be the guest judge...
follow please he my bestie he just got a twitter please follow
If it is right, it happens—The main thing is not to hurry. Nothing good gets away.
I guess I completly missed the rain. Oh well.
There is a light at the end of the tunnel, even when you can't see it, or even see the tunnel.
My host family wonders why their dog is so fat, yet they keep feeding her animal crackers every 15 minutes
would you guys mind if we featured you on our website? :)
Infrastructure upgrades are continuing! Feel free to contact us through our home page to find out how we can serve you!
he is really gross.....
This week was too crazy to be classified as good or bad, and what just happened is total confirmation of that.
So by Briton, do they mean the guys who slaughtered folks in the name of God during the crusades? Could I recommend the "Crosses"?
Oh, it sounds good to me. (:
“: #imagine Meeting Colton dressed as Batman.”.
Love may be blind, but it can sure find its way around in the dark!
congratulations. Well deserved
I am at Willis Tower Observation programmed by #DePaul secondlife team. We have a sim of Loop campus here!!!
if you're bored you could help get the word out about Flatt Energy Cola. Happy to send you some.
Puerto Rico is also among the favs!
I can't sleep!!
Um... So my save file from ME3 is gone. All the gameplay vanished. Has this ever happened to anyone with a game on their 360
"Someone talk to me." "Hey!" "Lol, no not you."
followed :D
#YouKnowYoureBroke you look forward to eating Ramen noodles for breakfast, lunch and Dinner
I won my NCAA basketball bracket, this must speed up my American citizenship. I'm even a little surprised my Green Card hasn't arrived yet..
I am watching WhoDoUThinkUR & am wistful to find out about my stolen history. I want to know where in #Africa my people come from.
I wish more guys understood this!!!! Yes!!
Goinng HAM On My Mom When She Aint Looking >>
my shower is my own personal recording studio....
I thought I was being all virtuous with my paneer masala until I remembered paneer was cheese. Still delicious.
Happy Sunday to everyone! Hope you're enjoying your day. Thank you for following #LintonAndAssociates on Twitter!
Catechin, one of the bitter ingredients in green tea, has been shown to kill food poison bacteria and minimize toxin produced by these bugs
we know
nyet, I just watch in russian)))
Rest in peace, Etta James.. Thanks for the many great jazz, blues, and soul classics. Man, I hate leukemia.
": I love her the best ever!!"shes a great writer too and weekend update will never be the same without her
My favorite messy recipe is my homemade marinara. It has to simmer for 5 hrs and it always bubbles all over the stove!
Pleased a proposal I authored with to use self-employment assistance in our efforts to create jobs was inc. in payroll tax deal.
you guys look amazing!
The snow is falling in Downtown Seattle! Don't feel like driving home? DM for reservations
That super cool moment when uses "you're" instead of "your".
This man suddenly decided to start using all caps in all of his tweets..
: Woo! That's quite the compliment! Lots of those in the derbs.
these guys have great customer service!
is there presale?
lol. Well, again, congrats. Alternative medicine or not, 90+ pounds lost is awesome!
“: have a good time kids” thanks BT, wish you were here with us.
no Saturday is safe!
"Don't let him hit me again."Kingfish Levinsky, talking to the ref during the Louis fight.
Can we get JJ and deshawn back?
Now I see the credits rollin..the end. This movie can't be over..not yet. There's no happy ending...no one said I love you. :(
that much of a diff? Did you see it there?
Jay Z and Major Nutter annoucement on the Art Museum steps today in 20 mins!
Love networking with coaches that have the same vision, beliefs, etc. as me.
If you plan to phone the #IRS this week, wait a few days. The #IRS reports the Tuesday after President's Day is its busiest day of the year.
Hey Danielle! If you are digging the new band album, you would like and
oh no! haha! hows manila treating u? again.
Have a nice mothers day weekend. ( #mothers #mothersday)
Hi everyone! Just stopping by to share something that i learned from a kiddy book today, "Be yourself, it's ok!" I luv it!!!
Thursday. day. thank. goodness.
"that which we do not love about ourselves shall regress and take its revenge."
you can do whatever.
It's so sad 2know tht #MWT has ended :((I'll miss how tweeted about EVERYTHING I know he'll have more time for us now but ...
I also love Roger Sterling.
9th what grade are you in
Game on? Seat open? Is everyone stuck and tilting?
Next speaker is , USA Health Policy Reporter
Oh and please eat several beignets for moi.
Haha I take that as a huge compliment - Samantha was my fave & am very thankful I don't look like Will Ferrell :)
stepping out of the serato control vinyl realm?
Those who can't forget are worse off than those who can't remember
THANKS for the sweet complement! I LOVE the Wolsey website...sweet eye candy!;)
tyler thinks im such a fat ass i bet.
Glad to see you guys working together. You both do great, great work.
Could you walk with me if I gave you my foot ?
I will be fascinated to hear all about what's going on… :)
I have a twitter crush on and strongly recommend that y'all follow him. He puts the yay in mayor.
Rest in peace Adam "MCA" Yauch. You'll be greatly missed! Thank you for all of the great memories and great music.
RT Laughter is the corrective force which prevents us from becoming cranks.~Henri Bergson
I love seeing my kids happy
the lady had me HYPE ova da phonee doee .. made me feel less of a BUM lol
Thanks for the #TT!
hope the meet is tomorrow so i can run my, 100, 200 & 400! and do the long jump! :D
RT if Demetria saved your life. ♥
We have re-assembled The Trigon Trifecta & we are heroes.
Finna text random people in my phone.. I must be bored
it's very charming.
were you added to the Facebook group for the team?
fuck you to bitch. go suck some dick
Yes. It could happen!
Wow, that's random. But I'm stewing it over! :)
Is anyone else attending the expo this week in #LosAngeles? I will be there!
planning for the trip to mainland China end of the month! Any suggestions?
In a very thankful mood this morning - thank yous all around!
There's definitely rain n the air n Atlanta. If ur outside u better finish what ur doing by nightfall.
Getting over someone is the hardest thing to do but you have to sometime or another.
“How do you say delicious in Cuban?” - Herman Cain
WOW!!! its hotter than my a$$ in a mini skirt out here,,....
Having a party for the #holidays ? Still looking for a caterer? LiLLiES provides excellent full svc offsite #catering ! Msg us for details!
Tune to WSFA-TV Ch.12 @ 5 p.m. for comments on AL's ranking in 2011 KIDS COUNT DATA BOOK, Thanks Bryan Henry!
Excuse my charisma
Love it when you're on the show!!
I want to RT you on my Twitter stream & FB Page. Post your inspiring tweet to (no links pls)
Monday is the first of the week,/and I think of you all week./I beg Monday not to come/so that I will not think of you/all week.DianeWakoski
Morning, Panthers @ Jets today, not glamorous but at least close to home.
we haven't announced a date yet :) Will provide updates as soon as they are available. Thanks!
bonding day with the pops :)
Just Open a New Bailbondsman Office In Broward... 786-445-2171 I'm Here For You..
I like you. You like me. Stop worrying about them. Worry about us.
*Correction*, Co-sponsors. Still no primary author.
One more follower and we hit 300! Help us out with a shout out and you will be our best friend :)
Thank u sir
Can't believe my sister is graduating tonight.
Two strangers completely made my day today. Random acts of kindness. ❤
Happy Leap Day. Go ahead. Take the day off with pay. Tell the boss we said it was ok.
Hotel engineering dispatched to fix the lack of power on the strips in the front of IB Center at
and Julia <3 u too!
they say that love is forever, your forever is all that I need . ❤ - ❤
Seem as i always get sick around this time of the year.
Anyways .. keep ur haters hating.. GM!
sorry primo I don't check my twitter that much...what's good?
Girls keep sayin they want something start tryin to find him
Can't believe im going to school with one eye looking like a reproductive organ
RT : classes have been busy busy. Thank you for this terrible weather!!!!---No prob..it's what we do. ha ha! happy spinning 2day ;o)
Akinade: e-book completely unheard-of, strange idea in Africa.
My Valentine is in australia. No flowers, or shit to walk around with all day.
great i cant log into tumblr -_-
just saw on cnn that arnold and maria are splitting up. weird and sad.
“: Shortest horror story ever: No nutella left D:” lol I instantly thought of
"Partnership exceeds any single project" thank you Lethbridge for presentation.
wow. she said yes... wasnt expecting that..
Interest rates for one-year ARMs exceeded those for 30-year fixed-rate mortgages over the last two weeks for the first time.
“: thanks for the follow love” Dito girlie=)
Of course!:) Thanks for finding me on here! Great meeting you.
Great day skating around the city,sign painting and now editing some photos !
finishing up the set list for if you've got a request, get it in now. we're doing a bunch of originals and few covers
I like your answer, m'dear. That could work for pretty much anything. :)
Who's 21+ and trying to hit up happy hour at game works this summer?
Great job!
Kona Brewing Co. (HawaiiNewsNow) - If you 're a beer drinker, specifically Longboard drinker, you 'll want to watch this! Kona Brewing Co
I see you tomorrow!
for everyone chatting with me() we blew my twitter up and they blocked me for a couple hours. i can respond in a bit! <3 you!
Dumb ass insurance agent got my b-day wrong and tried to make me pay $300 more when I called to correct it. Time to hunt for insurance again
RT IF YOU WISH YOU COULD MEET THE ICONIC BOYZ.
RT IF YOU LOVE "MY CHEMICAL ROMANCE"...
You are 25+ and livin at home with your parents and free loadin. Now
Quite possibly prominent fashion designer suitcases in the- suitcases
Diablo these girls tweet the same quote shit like stop stealing quotes from them parody pages
i like this guy how will i kno how he feels
Poop farts in my butt
Seeing sounds
hey! I saw your videos! Really cool!
Deleting this page... Official website soon. See you there
What we know is that the card club has been the subject of an 18-month investigation by the state bureau of gambling control.
If the #Pirates take 2 of 3 from the #Phillies it is officially OK to get excited about this team.
RT : Today marks 101 days to go to the #London2012 #Olympics. Stay tuned for a big day tomorrow!
God's timing is always perfect!
hell yea it will be like friday all summer we wont have no jobs shit to do might as well....
We talk to the main force behind the hugely successful #AnaheimLadyDucks ... Also take a look at the
I'm trying to finish up the scarlet letter. Then I'm going to read hunger games
I would really like to either star or guest star in that TV show, Southland. I know I could portray cop or perp role well.
Just wrapped the short film Infatuation. Another quality film with a great cast & crew. I'm 4 for 4.
Plus I think a big time "Hollywood Gaffer" already lives there. Bonus!
up north for the weekend... happy 4th!!!
Can u please dm Justin my name ._.
Keep up the great work! You're well on your way!
It is! Just added it to my queue! :)
Yep. That's the plan. Even more of an incentive to pay that high priced plane ticket. :-)
If ppl who answer the phones @ Zappos R the most important employees, then R our ushers the most important employees? ~
Woo! Dr. Who! FYI, for Christmas I asked for and received a Tardis.
Pretty Girl Swag.
that shit cray. I HATE those girls.
best. Mothers Day tweet. Ever!
You know I saw that first!
Empty inbox ACHIEVED. Finally.
Wow...Jake Delhomme just got let the hell down.
DRY HATIN IS NEVA A GOOD LOOK!
Oh hell yeah drinking a #pumking oak aged I'm in heaven
Did you know that wine was once a truth serum…or maybe it still is…
Rajon Rondo hits jumper at 3:47, now has triple double. Rondo has 11 points, 11 rebounds, 15 assists. Still 6 turnovers, though.
What a great suggestion.. You are so right! Sons needed to hear the speech. You sound like a great Dad and Roll Model:)
Really? Safety?
When my mom brings up having a guy as conversation as were driving in the car. #thatswhenyouknow #deanaproblems?
#ConfiesoQue Sometimes I wanna live in Detroit c:
Thanks for following bro!
saw new x men today - pretty good! Hanging at the in-laws tonight..
Exactly. PNR data in CRS cloud is best proof that Safe Harbor & enforcement of EU data prot. law are complete failures.
There's another project I got that's pretty interesting. Anthology about an asylum co-edited with some guy named Ben Ethridge.
Ballgame! Your boy Timmy won more playoff games this year than Aaron Rodgers and Ben and Matt Ryan and Romo. Who's better?
RT : "My religion is very simple. My religion is kindness." ~Dalai Lama
Hey Rock!! whats up man, hey ive actually looked into getting my personal training liscenses. What about u recommend?
Yay! Tweet with us!
Finishing up an Information Security project today and head for Bali, Indonesia for the Holiday Season. Happy Holidays to everyone!
do you want to be in my vid?
Thank you!
My party
you make my day... Everyday. So hilarious
Redesigning your office? A legal-themed chess set would be perfect!!!
Haha its okay I didn't know if it was you until I looked a second time I forgot you died your hair
Well whaddya' know---another sale just made my How To Pitch class! Plus, we're building some serious horizontal loyalty.
After the #Easter Parade on 5th Ave today, come in and see our exhibition, "It's the Political Economy, Stupid" FREE 10AM - 6PM!
My sister is like so annoying
Pink salts arrived! Tomorrow we'll buy the beef for corning.
Yes I speak Italian, I work in photography around motor sports.
no problem
want us to list your brand? please email us at
This is not acceptable. You broke mah hart. *tear
Need to tweet more often. Reading new book and loving it.
thanks u! :3
welcome home!
Here's what we know, what do you know, in crisis situation. MT Great work yesterday on breaking news by
The moon wasn't big tonight at all, maybe I caught it too late. Gonna try to see it again tomorrow.
WTF MY VIDEO ISNT WORKING IT SAYS ACCESS DENIED WTF MAN.
Wait... I jus saw what ur talkin about. That's a generic tweet automatically posted by Soundcloud when u load sumthin new.
#WeLoveUandUrDaughter everything will be alright! Lizzie is in My Prayers :) <3
What show are you most excited for this season???
I love being let down by my sports teams. #Orioles #Ravens #Caps the last two just can't get the job done in the playoffs.
Thank you for supporting. Glad you had a great time!
Lately, I've been watching France24, the rest I get here.
i really really wish there was for blackberry
Hahahaha it might as well be called that.
best show ever!
I'm funny
Thanks for tweeting!
We Miss You Selena.
lucky Hope your having a fantastic time !
a! We ♥ u guys! If it wasn't for u, might still be d
ha! Flip side: stopped txting some b/c they never txted back. When I ran into them they asked why I don't reach out anymore.
What special things are you doing for your #pets this #holiday season?
So glad you agree! :) Any tips to share?
The Diva conference has begun at Liverpool Hope University!
Ha! Wow.
BTW I finished Catching Fire. So good.
I to the same for my monmy and I'm 31. :-)
Lookin' so bomb, gon' find me a honey ;]
I was thinking that myself. I see him trying to copy the morning show a little.
LUCKY. OH MY. SO LUCKY
If & I worked as hard on writing an article abt libraries as playing DrawSomething, we would've easily written a masterpiece
If you're going to Opening Day, leave now.
Only Hoes Out At This Time Of The Night
we had a crazy night
#viennateng and #alexwong were absolutely awesome!
fallow back :)
Just starting my mock congress speech. Yes, it is indeed due tomorrow...
You tell em honey!
. It's time to build a coalition around advancing civil rights, not to bitch.
and hey ladies my bday party is tonight at around the corner in lakewood 11pm. Hope you can make it! Love ya!
did that really just happen or
Wow today I regretted telling that one person but this post makes it all better(:<3
Im in the mood for a hotdog.
Prayers go out to the loved ones of Joe Paterno RIP
when are you headin back?
... All we need now is a sharpshooting elf and a really pissed off dwarf. well and a few giant eagles.
i almost died cause i didnt eat anything today. But i beat my time but a min. And a half ^.^
10 minute nap 💤
I sometimes want to walk around in your brain. It would probably be a musical, like West Side Story.
See you Monday 6:30pm at the YW. Now is a time to "make it plain" & make it right
Just saw "The Doctor's Wife" and now I wanna see a book series about The Corsair. Get to work.
voice* QUICK TIME
RT : having trouble synching my bank account for kickstarter amazon payment system, any recommendations | Kick for starters
If you can't decide on having a panini or a salad for lunch...don't have either. Order a Big Glass of wine. Always works for me....
Steakhouse then to sinix for BGCZ
U look like ur havin fun who is the dude with the mustache?? hes all like :D lolz
They arrested someone and now the protesters are frenzied.
squats can cure that.
they aren't even keeping a hand on him in the video - letting him walk around cycle - cops are way too laid back, I'd say.
Happy Holidays from !
I'm STILL at the bowling ally but their playing boyfriend by justin bieber<3
It's 4/20? Happyy Birthdaay Lint-Licker! Even though we're cousins, we act like brother & sister. I love you! Don't get too crazy tonight!
wishin I didnt have to explain this to Joshua!
Big run by the Illini....need Leonard to go off or I have no chance in this $5 Big Ten game...
Another part of Florida next time....
That's it! I have decided to go on a Markers Mark Free Diet! Holy cow that drink tastes so good but need to let it go!
Congrats to Haywire. Just made it onto my worst 10 movies of all time list.
Happy Birthday to Ben , probably the nicest guy in Alaska. After Santa Claus, of course. ;-)
I enjoyed Lorax as much as my nephew did.
isn't stream of consciousness an alternative rhetoric? Should be fine!
My friend, who is Black & gay, thinks Obama's support for gay marriage will hurt his reelection effort. My friend is 55 yo & very religious.
bitch ass mother fucker.
Just 3 more hours to go
#i hate when bitches talk shit but cant back it up
Good Luck Golden Bulls
Do Yall Know What Spot In Bham Got The MayWeather Fight Going Tomoro Night?????
Theres a person on instagram pretending to b Niall saying he is dating this girl. I just want to RIP THEIR FACE OFF! Posers are my
Setting goals includes determining your dream or vision. What do you want more than anything else? Now let's see how to get it!
Be nice to see yall festival again. You killed it a few years ago! Hope all is well and keep rockin
Depends. Will there be food?
If you're going to be rowdy past 3 am tonight let me know! These hours are killing me.
Good point.
me too
Humble opinion: lawyers more effective sticking to law than designing efficient insurance markets
that is terrible, thanks for sharing the article
thanks i spent a lot of time on it !
you so need to apply to do viz for recovery.gov- is an awesome graphics designer but is in Austin! come to DCcodeathon too?
best of luck to you man! Everything happens for a reason.
": WOW it's crazy right now !!! March madness is the best" I'm loving it too. Leaving for drupalcon tomorrow.
has the EVER been a better Backup QB performance in the NFL? 6 TDs?
Goin to Disney next Friday 🐬🌊🌴
thanks babe (: i love you! you funny ass hole!
Can you imagine the look on Scott Walker's face when she let that one slip.......
The six most important words: "I admit I made a mistake".
You're right Chris, that would even be better !But if he's not going to change his swing/approach lay one down (like he said)
Russian black bread @ Firehook is a small rectangular loaf, this is deliciously dense, perfect with cream cheese and smoked salmon.
sure but that seems overkill
Priced several contraception methods through insurance. Upset at the cost. Gives me some comfort to know that Viagra isn't covered at all.
hung on hooks like pigs to the slaughter
Poults of all of your tweets these are my favorite updates. What a blessing you are to these children and their families
i just want to go out already
Game day!
That's right. Can you imagine if people did bask in dirt though?
I couldn't tell if that was u l
Yep that wld be me standing there with stained pits :) sorry... but could you repeat the question? (:> didn't catch it.
Share all the joy you have - happiness was born a twin, indeed.
Gino Gradkowski. Harbaugh wanted lineman. He's got two so far. For this offense to improve, #Ravens must protect Flacco better
is about to take the stage
Thanks for Follow!! One of my favorite movies! Troy you need to come back to Boston and shoot another film!!
My Dawg! “: About to head to #oomf house..and it ain't even her birthday ;)”
We at Wallcovering One support the Recall of Scott Walker
The Google interactive doodle for Jules Verne's birthday today is extra-cool.
is this the reall michael or a fanpage??
My stomach is killing but i dont care! Party! Party! Party! Till i die!
Sounds like a typical public library day. lol
This is beyond stressful
yeeeaah I've been doing paper applications rather then going online
benefits and drawbacks of backchannels at
Chose a delicate soft stone because it is pretty? ignore its function? You will be disappointed sooner rather than later.
Thanks for the response! Can't wait!
Is Angry Birds educational for children because it teaches physics?
what?! Are you there?
absolutely. I will discuss the fed as much as possible on this page as well as something I am getting involved with.
Is this real? How'd they not realize this was going to happen this time?
I think imma get used to this performing on stage business :)
So far, brilliant. Thanks for sharing the link.
Soo if there is someone booked to be in this seat, I'm supposed to move to mime after this heffa has stood in it to put her luggage up.
yessir! Tickets will be at the door. Use the entrance at S. Frederick St. to avoid the crowd.
email me…
The Volt uses two sources of energy. How do you stay energized? Tweet us w/ #ChevyFuelsPhilly & be entered to win a $100 gas card!
I swear chipotle has some type addictive ingredients.i cannot freakin resist it.its just to good.m m
Pete. I thought I sag him on Allison tryna thug.
Stacked night of events. What is everyone looking forward to?
Bought way too many flødeboller (cream fluff covered in chocolate) and got made fun of for purchasing a whole herring for lunch.
Send a picture to Manic Panic!
valentines day fed me for 18 yrs so yea i got some stock in it. for those who say everyday should be valentine's day ITS A HOLIDAY DUMBASS!
Pepsi Launches First Global Campaign, &quot;Live For Now&quot;
Sometimes your toughest competition is, "I'd rather just keep my money."
Good Morning. Are you getting ready for Thanksgiving? Tell us what are your plans for this Thanksgiving Holiday & what you're thankful for.
please follow me cause i will #NSN! and there will only ever be #Onetime when you follow me and today could be it x 22
Thanks for the follow. Looking forward to your book.
Teen dating abuse has been on my mind. I would like to be more active with my prevention programs for middle and high schools
Donnie's "The Colored Section" as this evening's hair, wardrobe, and make-up sound track. Woo lawdy!
no bball goals?
All I need is a touch from u Lord Jesus and some how I believe every 1 of my sins will be washed away....
Anyone who says Twitter isn't addicting should see me putting hashtags in text messages with my friends.
Design Tip: Select window coverings that work for you. Do you want to highlight or block the view? www.cliointeriordesign.com
I would if I was 2 catch it on TV. (my fault, typo)
I signed up for - discover new places around you, get Yelp reviews, Foursquare tips, ask locals for recommendations.
Do you use iTunes?
HA! I found it! But now I can't resend the galleys. :(
Be sure to tune into the Little Caesars Bowl today at 4:15 on ESPN to see the VIP Mentees and Mentors form the human tunnel before the game.
Can't wait to see Mika and Dr. Brzezinski tomorrow here in Philadelphia! Buying the book today!
If i could get rid of my type 1 diabetes, i totally would. I hate it!
Thank you, my friend! It's the 'nature of the beast' and I'm playing in its' cage....with bloody ribeyes hangin' from my belt!
Thank you for the RT! I hope you have a great wk!
Kids, your pants should leave something to the imagination. Believe me, our imaginations are kinder.
lol no he is more north probably, but hey we could facetime a better pti
Not that im crazy enough to go bald , I would be ugly without hair lmao
Wow it's been a hot minute, been busy and that's always good! How are all my tweeps feeling this Valentines day?
Hosting the party at Nova Bar & Lounge on Lake Street in Addison from 10p-1a for ! in the mix. Come hang!
Who doesn't love Ryan. Chris and Ramon? You have good taste in gays lady.
If it starts, not gonna finish, radar shows a line of rain all night getting more severe as night goes + more tom AM
WHY U SNEAKY THANG YOU...OH, JUST GOT THE WYLENE...LOL...T/F/S...
There's an awesome tunnel in the rocks down there. Be sure to explore.
I had a great night in Kemah with
I just went in on this project I better get an A
Aw that's what's up! I'm bout to hit this sack up at 5
I going to work on my legs To get My hops up Foreal
Am I the only one who thinks its tragic that they have to stop at 1923? For avant-garde art? Stupid copyright.
This freaking was incredulent, decadent...
I'm a girl. Lmao. But thanks! Your an amazing artist!
So Ms Demarco parked right next to us at Lennox with her boyfriend...
u know that weirdo that put the faces??
Ah, editing budgets is a painful business that I don't wish upon you!
oh last tweet was about
they don't know about the youngest of the camp!
Sad is no longer in my emotions cuhz errytime i cry im mad i dnt even kno sad no moe im mainly depressd lol
obviously O's. Where you guys staying? Will you have a car?
you're just lazy
Don't stress! rest and listen to jazz. the sound of a trumpet,sax or piano seem to do it for me. try it!!
Yay! We made it! (but you still have an hour to donate if you want to!)
Clue: Don't use your employee badge photo as your profile photo on LinkedIn. Especially if the photo makes you look like a serial killer.
Since you're in the hood (we're at WeWorks MPD), let me know if you have time for a coffee afterward. Would love to catch up.
i just wrote a summary on the alphabet....
link to the article! I want to read it, but I refuse to search on the swampy labyrinth of the ppg website.
Save me a seat in Sugar Land! :)
You were such a good sport on Loved the
How long does the charge last?
Welcome back!
you be my honeysuckle, i'll be your honeybee<3
I just won $20
omg I'm sorry I kno this is a serious matter but u got my sister going crazy cuz u wrote her back lmbo too funny
same problem we've run into as well!
Get a jump on you Super Bowl party planning, call our catering department today!
Lauren Hill is making a comeback. Her appearance looks better and everything.
Good bye Mr McMillian
I wish I was as perfect as some people think they are. Grrrrr
My sis witnessed a roll over car accident 2day. Be sure in btwn tweets you let the peeps in your life know you love them!! ILYM
Have to visit a friend in Chanhassen MN today. Wondering if there's a museum experience I can find out there?
“: #FF Follow these tweeps. They Make It Worthwhile: ” Thanks!
lol thanks for your support!
i try , do the same thing tonight lol
Nah man its deleted lolololololl
Savings Tip - Unclogging Sinks add salt before the baking soda and vinegar, and make sure the water is boiling, it will clean the drain
Knowledge is knowing a tomato is a fruit, wisdom is not putting it in a fruit salad.
what is the biggest stereotype being Persian that you battle everyday?
Revenge is sweetest joy next to getting pussy »»RT : i aint no killer but dont push me .
yes I do. Hahaha, ironic.
I played terrible golf today but it was a blast...Congrats to for a monster day on the course..thanks to for host
lmao well when we take our vacation to Cali you better be ready! Shits gonna be crazy :p
are you serious...
what are you up to anyway
How I wish I was photogenic
Getting interviewed for an article about me tomorrow. Pretty cool.
Ha! NPP used to stand for "NPOESS Preparatory Project" At least now it's not an acronym within an acronym
I disagree. That's an incredible achievement.
AP Exams <
Reading "Beer Pong" wiki article. For work. Yeah. Because I'm making a beer pong table. And I've never played beer pong.
S/O to for the conversation we had earlier tonight...glad someone else could help me put things in perspective
Sounds good. We have a few more this year, no?
To all of the 1 in 6 men who were under the age of 17 when they were sexually abused: you are not alone, & your voice WILL be heard
In 'our lives matter' Anna Crago does an excellent job detailing eight groups from different nations, what they face, and how they responded
some dates and cities where we will be doing shows: June 25th Chicago, June 28th our EP releases, July 1st in Milwaukee, WI
This weekend will consist of more recording for the EP and more prepping for the May gig at Orchestra Hall in Logan Square. Yay musics!
“:A man is a success if he gets up in the morning & goes to bed at night & in between does what he wants to do." B Dylan”
I was going to tweet about how New York is less formal than D.C., but then I remembered that EVERY city is less formal than D.C.
Good. Now get to sleep!
Awesome start to a first day? I think so. <-Kelsey xoxo>
Yep! and ! thanks for following us!
Checking out the Alabama bands at Lucys Retired Surfer's Bar.
Thank you Ryan!!!!
no doubt
One week.
I'll be in my bedroom, making no sound, and pretending i don't exist.
Checkin out a Phase One 645 tomorrow. Let me know if you would like to get involved in my photography...
I sometimes go to my own little world, but that's okay, they know me there.
Come to Five Guys Burgers and Fries at Waterford Lakes today to support BASE Camp! 5-9 p.m.
Radio interview SUNDAY 7pm to 8pm on TRUE STAR RADIO 92.3fm.Listen online www.truestaris.com and click on the link that says TRUE STAR RADIO
Sick and tired of being sick and tired./:
lololol call me when you can!!! Omgomgomgomg
Lyon: "I have other approaches to identification, but [for today] I'm trying not to muddy the water."
Good god how many commercials are they going to show.
Fuck you, text message I just recieved.
I'm not prepared for work today 😪
Gooodnigght This Time <3 Don't Let Those Tweets Bite Yall : ) [PAUSEE)) That Sounded Corny -.-
Love love love that pic of you and Mr L . . .xx
#CodyOnEllenAgain please? you, me and could totally hang out together!
Precautionary Boil Water Advisory Issued for Customers on McComas Rd, Toms Cr Rd & Hash Cr Rd in Salt Rock.
Madonna proved she still reigns queen of pop tonight at the Super Bowl Half Time Show!
RT : RT : If u Retweet this tweet, it means u will be a Belieber forever
Everyone needs to vote for !!
Drama depresses me.
Sadly, the laughs for "Parks and Recreation" don't come until season 2.
Thanks for the follow!
Jay Lano Is Working On A New Track With Mr. Young Sophisticated Himself, Yung Neck, So Look Out For That Track...Coming Soon!!!
Better be careful about what I tweet after voiceofsandiego is following my tweets!
hey, everybody in #elpaso--get thee to for Film Round-Up tonight! (In #Austin, jealous)
I've only been to one show which was in RI in Feb. 2011. My favorite song is 4:59 :)
LOL...I resemble that remark. As to the martini...your wish is my command.
will I see any of you this Wednesday?
It's okay, I don't know where it went. But my whole face is burning. Being cool hurts, Carissa. :c
Any time...come back to Tampa soon ...been loving your music 4 close to 15 years. Have a great night .
good lord that's a drive
hello how's it going :)
#NMRealEstate Good to see you here.
Converting RI 1993 from #TEI P4 to P5. Minor sticking point: names of former editors + current board of dirs in front matter--print legacy.
#quoteoftheday Robyn: Life would suck if I cared... Good thing I don't!"
ill go with :)
Can't decide If my allergies are bad or if I have a cold... Hm
EARN YOUR COOKIES!!!!! Come on Lady. A few more boxes and those cookies are going nowhere!!
I wasted so much time...
We r just jealous!~~
Enjoying my first day off in two weeks...feels great!
i suddenly got hungry....
I love that "Ugly Part of Me" video lol
Oh just at cheer pratice!:)
Thanks for the follow Tony.
I've had time. And I've had change.
That awkward moment when someone says something bad about Justin Bieber and everyone looks at you because you're Belieber.
We're running a $300 special for small businesses with a money back guarantee! Message me for details to get more customers.
damn...you are barely arriving since around 4??
You are spamming.
i unfollowed you because of your attitude.
he betta be getting that leak on my car fixed forreal.
Problem #1 Ding Ding Ding!
Not sure yet. Will send a doodle to the group and base it on ability to attend.
Seriously, file in with the Patent office & then make & sell t-shirts. It will be a blast & I would buy 1.
did you all of them?
To Kill a Mockingbird is on USA!
This band is putting me to sleep -.-
I think MT means modified retweet, like some bits cut out to get under the 140 character limit
OH WOW.... #TeamAdam all day, all month, all year!
“: Listening to my fave He sings me to sleep every night! ❤”<< u no they say I sing like him rite haha
The Orioles held the Yankees to two runs or fewer for three consecutive games in the Bronx for the first time since 1978
This #WBWednesday, we congratulate 9 women who are paving their way to new lives as homeowners! Tomorrow, Patterson Park, noon, be there!
If you are going to see Bieber tonight, make sure you see it in 3D. Eyes need a shield to protect them, like the Gallagher tarp
I have a feeling his grin is going to meet around the back of his head.
RT! Same shit I said ": Craziest shit about niggas that hate the HEAT, they watch more of their games then their FAV team...lol"
Thanks for following me You're all bark-tastic!
A favorite of mine, sans thumb-sucking.
not nice.... I suck at volleyball
No doubt both are meaningful in their own ways. Both individuals also have certainly lived extraordinary lives.
regardless, plenty of future MMA fighters there for sure
i know bitch you better not « I don't sell I'm kidding lol»
I submitted info on Breakdown Express.
we're great. lately its beena solid tradeoff between being really drunk & really hungover. can't wait for your triumphant return!
Thanks for following, . You must tell me how many beers you reward yourself for an ultramarathon. Have a great weekend!
I forgot to tell you! I quit....just couldn't do it anymore
blue hat.<3
I took a break from it tonight was my debut back out lmao
Lady on the train giving baltimore recommendations: phillips seafood and power plant live. She would be wise to start reading Bohs and o's
If you gone lie to me just stay the fuck away from me
Your articles are all rendered unreadable by your ad formatting right now, Grantland. Boo.
Disney again tomorrow.
thanks Azalea :) I hope I'll grow to like it or get it fixed.. Or stop being so dramatic.
RT "NO SORRY, SANTORUM, YOU MUST CARRY YOUR DEAD PRESIDENTIAL CAMPAIGN TO FULL TERM."
hope I win!! This would be amazing! :)
Apparently there were Aristotelian themes in Source Code. Thank goodness that there are précis to cause this kind of contemplation.
Simple explanation: Charter schools are overseen by authorizing agencies which are responsible for their quality
thanks. I borrowed someone else's info and that worked, maybe a typo in my password
You can, but that is one of the (few) things PC does better by default. Shift + F7 is just so easy.
Haha that song sucks RT : Just heard Call Me Maybe for the first time...I'm confused, how do you know whether to call or not
Great practice run today in Santa Monica with over 20 miles done!!
And if you notice, none of them are wives. lmbo
im going to be on for a little while. i will be back tho. in a couple days
If i see my x with a ugly nigga imma say ay ig i was to much for her lol.
Next Health receives $100K, plans product launch - Mass High Tech
Nice to see Alex Smith in the SF Giants cap in his interview w/Bradshaw.
Known around town as the chick who get down
2nd this. RT I wanna go to a Christmas party.
I hate 4am call times.
Pretty sure I just heard something pop around my knee. Doesn't hurt much...still scary feeling.
all I can say is "Tom Waddles' right!" You the man Tom!
can you givee me some tips on finding a crew!?!?
Stretch break + gas up. Fort Stockton.
finally a Certified 1st Responder. Now I can sit for the APTA SCS exam...and sustain life!
Miley Cyrus in her car leaving her hotel waving to everyone and taking pictures with fans 😍
please reconsider the closing of or at least make the new offering functional ( integration seems faulty).
Grammy's went classy this year! Yay for ! So deserved!
thanks! and we'd love to do a house show out there sometime if anyone wanted to set something up
So many things runnin thru my mind rite now
Ohio State cheerleaders really need to stop saying "let's go Ohio"!
6th man of the year?
Worth noting that no named source has ever said team is for sale.
would you have any interest in getting your cell phone service for free ? emiliemanagement.mylightyear.com
Totally agree and am doing just that, friend! :)))
did good on the voice I love that kid and his 'SWAGGIE' I love that but #TeamBieber and
Good luck chica!!!!
ops. Did you see the latest tweet.
you're not serious.... :(
Those same girls are envious of the way that you live your life!
Welcome to #SMCHI! We will send you an email shortly with the details, can you DM me your email?
It's okay...I wish I was at Martin:(
Instead of writing on twitter and Facebook how much you love God how bout you show it in the way you act and carry yourself each day.
": DeJuan is getting loose. We're going to see some Rhino-Blair matchups."
Wooohooi!! Thanks mama!!
Good luck! We're here for #HCG support if u need us. Just tweet us questions, concerns, etc! :) RT starting #HCG tomorrow
Lol i want a date to the fair :o is it too late to ask Dx?
Wishing I was back home. Missing the family terribly.
Damn, cant believe dat fuckin lost, (damn, now I'm bout 2 lose bout 25 bucks) days fucked up (I had faith in dat team)
We're all tied at the half, 0-0 with No. 6 #UCF at the #FIU soccer stadium. 2nd half about to begin in 6 minutes.
Forrester reports most consumers interact with at least 2 marketing touch points prior to making an online purchase; build a consumer path.
We already have over 200 RSVP's for FetFest2012!
IT'S #ART ALL NIGHT TONIGHT IN THE VILLE. 12 straight hours of #art & music from dusk to dawn. Hope to see yinz there!
loves lazy Sunday mornings.
RT : Now on board with ! Thank you to Michelle for the great advice & guidance. That's how it's done!
i mean...i guess it's nice i just didn't think it was her thannngg
Metta World Peace really is the epitome of a real n***a.
wsup with the game...
We would love to hear "Honestly" by on ! :)
Just looked through a poem in progress by wonderful writer grappling with the portrayal of tragedy...deep stuff but slippery.
Kush Cowboys (T3 & Chris Smokes) - Scale Gang (A Wildfire Film)
As soon as anyone else I know (besides you) starts using it actively :-)
Ugh, cold season started early - had it since Friday; son got it week before and nicely shared wtih Mom...
when I type this I see "From mkbackus Hide" above. Is it suppose to be like that or do I unhide it???
lmao! She's sat on my head and she weighs a tonne!
I take time today to exercise my body. I feel energized and alive.
Goodbye school, hell spring breaakk! c:
keep tweeting questions its ionteresting :)
writing the credits for my album. omgosh
Inching closer. Cant wait to launch.
Don't remind me....
hahah i remember target was so strict about clocks. but its on to the next one 🔥house aint ready for adizzle
Change of plans for the June 24th Brewtopia! We have re-scheduled it to July 29th; same beers, different date!
umm..so my date is a princeton lame? But yet yo date was so yung yu can be his legal guardian..
Hey Jeff! Doing good! how are you?
ikr!Literally for the past week straight when i get home from school i go on Cody's Website&play his songs over and over again
This should be a very interesting twitter morning
Thank you for an amazing show the other night Dixon. You're so amazing!!! Who says you're not perfect?!!!
Sounds good! ttys
I'm sayin if it happened again.. I won four tickets last time and then sold the extra ones and went lol.. I wanna go tonight.
. It's telling that priority is what's "best for the program" and not fans. That biz model not sustainable long-term
yep, just type in lostken
the song is called #imfromoakland ill email u the song if u want
would you rather have a magical unicorn that can fly or fairy odd parents?
HAPPY BIRTHDAY NATHAN!!! I HOPE ALL YOUR WISHES AND DREAMS COME TRUE!!❤
wait until the games are on, Twitter will clear
i mean that feeling customer pain directly is a good thing, but hard
GOOD MORNING <3 off to school. Have a great day everyone (: -Ritchelle<3
Just like old times.
freakingunbeleivable digging up a body of year 1979?? Geez!! Hope that they can recover something!! Tough!!
Followed. C:
I really like the idea of an airline buying a refinery. In a highly competitive industry, vertical integration can work.
12 hour Tuesdays! Long but over...goodnight
I'd believe it. That train is ghostly. MT opossum rode the Brooklyn D train -- boarded in Coney Island!
Take a joke
Success = freedom to do whatever you want whenever you need to
MY SISTER IS BEING DRAMATIC ABOUT NICK JONAS. She saw his play twice, who the hell cares omfg. I love Nick, but just stfu.
Annoyed & Sick -_-
Writing, to me, is simply thinking through my fingers. ~Isaac Asimov
Yep....which is why I am happy today that we got lucky,.....
Some old Indian guy has been sitting in his car staring at me every time I go to the parking lot.
Getting addicted to "The Kennedys" with pear vodka in hand. That JFK was a true American hero and horndog.
Rat Burgers! Mark, Clint! Lot of good cars in that mess.
thanks for all the love!
never to much! Think I'm going to now too!
Just finished a new article on a great electro-pop band. Up in a few weeks.
Happy Mother's Day, sweetie. Hope ur enjoying ur day! x
love the episode where bruh man borrows Martin's CD player.
you guys down for a road trip to see beat Chicago on May 12th?
Swag On Deck Brah
Good Morning World!!! Currently at 8:08am on Atlanta, GA it is 61 degrees. High: 70* Low: 50*
I worked hard to be in the position im in right now, this shit didnt come from luck.
I might be there in a couple days ;)
Thanks everyone for the awesome bday wishes from Tuesday!
wow that was really embarrassing, i chalk it tho. i reset my alarm to noon and i huad cincy
testing testing, gd ping.fm
Just spotted a few Bob Filner for Mayor posters in the old neighborhood. Not sure how I feel about that
been liking playing Three Snake Leaves from Gallows as of late!
is gearing up for rehearsal tonight and ready to melt some faces with our new tunes. Well, our own faces since no one can hear this just yet
LOVE IT <3
dm me your number playa lets get to this $
This week I will take advantage of Maizie's $4 burger mondays, visit Stinkweeds, and go to Phoestivus! Yay!
in 37 days we shall finally meet :)
I just woke up from a nightmare involving scream hahahahaha.
Voluntary home visiting programs help single, young mothers cope with daily stresses so they can be a better parent. #1560 reasons
good. Your life just got a lot easier
I dont understand how Niall can eat so much, get little to no exersize and still maintains to be so skinny.
We were taking daddy hits last night
omg I have to show you it , it was the best 2 minutes and 30 seconds of my life ....
Hello Friends. Stop by today and make something with Come and be creative!
Thanks Natalie!
All you can do is shake it off and take it to the Wizards on Sunday.
Word. KB24. RT : please don't tell me you're a heat fan
Gm!!!! RT : RT : On the air !! Call me 550-9696<~ Good Morning Sunshine
I feel sick again ):
Alright , who were the dirtbags .......
Thanks for watching my report. :-)
Excellent! Perhaps there's room for Guy Maddin & RT Yes & I think its now a 12 top with ClyffordStill & ZahaHadid
My wife is at Disneyland. I'm not. Wah wah. She saw Brandon Flowers. I did not. Wah wah. She's sleeping. I'm not. Wah waaaaahhh.
Jean Paul Gautier, we love you
I Was Honest And You Took That And Made A Scar.
When asked what my past times are I usually say movies, yoga and hiking but what I mean is masturbate, masturbate and comedy.
What if we only offered it for a $1, but threw in Texas as a bonus item?
oh our dear anne zald's assessment talks keep getting the sleepy morning slot. what's up with that?
#Ethiosoccer will be in DC ------> follow for more info
we're getting ready to head to #chicago bridal market - what are you looking for in gowns/bm dresses? your input helps decide what we order!
"You jump, I jump, remember?" -Titanic
They would show a dog pooping in Puppy Bowl VI!
New nickname: Al Chuckets
Ticketmaster classifies Kiss as alternative rock. i classify Ticketmaster as clueless.
that sounds like a good idea, but that's too tiring though lol.
would love to! Let me hop on my jet. :)
Off to bed early. Half day of school tomorrow so i get out at 10am baby then at 2pm getting BRACES OFF
Maybe. That's a particularly hazardous area to make predictions, IMO.
what would you say was your big break in the biz?
Working on The Wanderer took a ton of time. Catching up now. Just finished new 4th series. Will check out those 5's next!
Wats invisible but smells like carrots ??????
Help stop child abuse. Volunteer at a local child abuse prevention center.
Nice Win
SOMETHING FOREIGN TO ME? GIVING UP
Welcome my dear! Happy to know you're on!
Heading to the U with #GoGophers!
Pierre McGuire > Don Cherry "Seidenberg's skates just make a funny noise." Because they are German, apparently.
Also,new covers is coming this month!!So excited to get all this started!- Shunt'e!
At Carnival Chicago Tech w/ The show is going to be bananas. Come celebrate dance tonight at Joes!
Yes, Only Loaf Can Break Your Heart
ahahaha you stalker(;
First night was cool! Seen my old hoes!! Had a great time👌!
And now I cry... because I understand now.
i may look innocent but do you really think thats true.?
lol....probably so
Without you
Prez is here at SDG&E Energy Innovation Center selling tickets for our Clairemont Garden Tour & Expo. Stop by and say hello!
AM 1620, while driving on 90E: "oh hey motorists, the thruway's closed. thought you should know. well, happy driving! enjoy that hurricane!"
Oh shit macaroni! i almost got caught O:
Here's To The Girls Who Have Blue Eyes:)
back in town this week-play date with Jenny and Jennifer?
How was it? never heard much about it....
Next week PureVolume will be streaming Paradise Fears' album on their website. Who will be checking it out?!
Because they liked Bush less: the familiarity is actually an endearment.
lmao but they would be so beautiful!!!
10 days until Opening Day. Best time of the year.
Also from : Rick "elevatedbilli"rubin
bummer! I ate too much funnel cake at the folk fest and felt a little sick, but no viruses thankfully.
ah, okay. I will look into it.
*~ we beat OneDirection we did it so happy ~*
Happy Mother's Day to all the single teenage mothers out there. To those who are struggling, to those who wanna give up. You're beautiful.
Good reminder. RT “: That really difficult truth that is breaking you is life's way of teaching you the path of acceptance.”
i might move back to summerland Vegas when I get back my mom has been sick and my family still lives out there.
Who's Justin? I miss you. Come back to me.
Don't you hate the 140 limit???
I know. It's large! We're gonna need a moving truck. Lots of good stuff here :)
wondering, is #SeanPayton breaking things right about now??
Mosquitos (the slow, guileless, springtime brood) also inspect me, move in closer as they identify a potential blood donor.
Q. What's the hottest thing in the world? A. Two rats fucking in a wool sock.
I only talk on the phone when its my parents or if it related to business. Otherwise its texting only!
While the world doesn't need another blog, it does need more '80s and '90s musings...www.zackmorriscellphone.wordpress.com.
Wait a second. No #Pulitzer for Fiction?! I didn't think that was even possible.
If I see you out somewhere I'm asking you now since you said it was okay. Got the perfect UK basketball for you to sign
Well..... Lunch time is about the worst time of the day for me.
Have a great week twitter people
iKidNY thrilled and honored to be featured in National Geographic Traveler Magazine this month! Pick up the May/June issue on newstands now!
hey paul! can you let us know what's going on? we can take a look and get it fixed for you. thanks!
once went to a vineyard to help make wine. Before he could step on the grapes, they squashed themselves in fear.
Do you know the Reason For Dreams? ;)
what time is the movie
Clock Time Lapse
worm plague
cuz we stupid basically...
I was not there but from what I heard from people that were that video does not capture the essence of what happened very well
The radio is reading my mind right now
- I'll be at tomorrow. Bummed I couldn't make the Hackathon today, looks awesome!
curing the pain??? :)
explain that the Phillies sucked your entire life except for a 5 year stretch
Don't be afraid if you pop-up in my school because imma wish for you on 11/11/11 (:
No need to rush it we got forever!
#bobbybrown is a fucked up mess. He shouldn't have been there at all if he can't respect his child and ex wife
Retweet if you love the
thank you
I assume you saw the post about all the folks who thought Green Arrow was in the Avengers?
it does suck. oh well, next time ill get caffe vanilla
Extraordinary people survive under the most terrible circumstances and they
Why the fuck am i watching Christmas movies? Lmfao
By my math Dragon Age webseries is putting up solid viewing numbers rivaling most cable TV network shows. Congrats
Still following you after all these years...
Thanks for the shout out. We are still waiting on to get a team of yall together to go "Streaking"
Fuck today already.
#13 My favorite singers are Taylor Swift, Ke$ha, Katy Perry, Ariana Grande.
": We were lucky to have and so are the Once a Badger, always a Badger! #OnWisconsin"
THE LIE THAT IS ART IS THE ULTIMATE TRUTH
As am I
: Sat & Sun solution? Should I watch TJ live & record Betty or vice versa?
Thankyou to all my new followers. How is everyone?
I guess I gotta stay up now to watch this eclips
Roger Goodell is a prick
Being a bigger guy myself, I think it's fair of me to put this out there. If your t-shirt doesn't cover your belly, get a bigger shirt.
thanks for the advice- will work on it.
Are you singing?
Look forward to it Debbie! Certainly great company to be a part of.
I hate it when a person's voice doesn't match their looks...
Dallas in four days!
I didn't grow up here. But I think it refers to very thin layer of sugar powder people spread on top of a gingerbread house:-)
Okay, instead of me talkin 2 "recruiters" I gotta speak 2 actual people of diff races doing what I may be interested in...
Stand up sparring tonight...all are welcome.
My son will love this- Angry Birds has already encouraged his interest in real birds
...I don't know whether to be flattered or creeped out that I was in your fantasy haha
- a company credit card will suffice i'm sure
Correction - YOU can't be the only one! I don't even like that steamer! Hah!
Cheating a bit to put PL-era Barnes on the left flank—but then again, he'd do more just standing there than the others would moving.
"with security comes... pain." -- Sam
They're being given several times today. Typically we offer longer group tours once a month. Send us your e-mail if interested!
I received a lottery ticket from as a gift and the next few hours of fantasizing were truly worth more than $1.
RT Don't let your learning lead to knowledge; let your learning lead to action. - Jim Rohn
Thank you !! I love the pic on your site's homepage... beautiful! RT . thank you for following me. Love your logo!
Woul someone tell JR Smith to stop shooting threes?
Featuring select readings by SMILE, HON contributors, including EARL CROWN, E. DOYLE-GILLESPIE, SHARON GOLDNER, FERNANDO QUIJANO I...
Nunn Center's #OHMS system being featured tomorrow at #webwise to demo interface that could be used to crowdsource indexing of
hello world
Announging the Smart Grid Implementation Summit - August 17-19 in Washington, DC! Check us out at www.iqpc.com/us/smartgrid for more info!
just had some of the best tacos in the world
oh snap ¡
The space shuttle just flew over my house!!!
ugh I'm all the way at jacksons have fun hitaaaa..
umm we can change that we can be friends
whoohooo! I requested to advertise
Being stuck on a bus for hours & in need of restroom is a fear of mine, hence I drive. Also, SO cold waiting outside for bus :(
Love isnt easy.
CFA finds credit is proxy for income, limiting access to insurance for poor, raising rate of uninsured. Bad for all insureds.
hm smackdown was pretty good. i want y2j in the match for "judgement day "
All I wanna do is sleep forever
Great TV
Just got a last minute emergency Birthday Cake order so we'll be open late tonight. Stop in for a late night dessert!
| Thanks for the shout out!
At noon, Disability and Activism with Nolan, Sarah, and Mike.
blown away by great meal, great music, & great ppl to share it all with kaleidhaphonic
Funniest man alive
Looks bad ass. I'm getting an ultra-wide before fisheye though.
pretty is shyt ;)
and i just got piles and piles of coal plz dont fite wit peace peace is peaceful
haha, well I don't get that one. :)
these little fruit cups -.-
it was successful march and community embraced us. Quire a few joined us.
Talking #travel in the office. Thailand, India, Nepal, Italy & South Carolina are the West PR crew's destins for 2012. What's on ur list?
Thanks for the RT, and
Afterschool program starts Aug. 22 and we need volunteers from 3-5 daily! Let Josh know if you can help: !
Aramis Ramirez won’t re-sign with the Cubs
Great Saturday Harry. Hope yours is the same.
Hurry starting AT collaboration & innovation lightning talks in Grand B
really paranoid that theres gonna be another food fight at lunch tomorrow... i dont want a repeat of last year.
*eyelids droop*
Quote of the day: We come to love not by finding a perfect person but by learning to see an imperfect person perfectly <3.
I'm sorry, but New Year's Eve looks incredibly stupid. If you are interested in seeing it at all...why? Why? WHY????
Tweet Number 1. Getting Started. The Birth of a Brainchild. Excited to Begin.
I already did. Multiple times
Someone asked what our goal is for selling our images. It's to sell 200 images per day M-F. And...to be the next istockphoto millionaire.
"isn't it obvious who's been missing who the most?"
!!! Welcome to L.A. If the food at Clooney's is only so -so, swing by for a GREAT meal!!! See you there!
Another "W" for the One game under .500.
#ALA11 During ALA Annual PSAs on the value of libraries were recorded with Jeff Kinney, Molly Shannon, Harlan Coben and Brandon Sanderson.
Nice comeback effort for KU. #Mizzou is going to hang on to win this one.
new icon :)
OMG. 9 houses in one day?! Marathon! We made an offer on #6. I'm impatient though. :)
Noone found out who did the doodoo in the pool but totally thought it was .its in a bag in the frige
I'm thinking Verizon - I'm AT&T on iPhone - but Verizon seems to have better 4G national coverage - Whatcha think?
lol. First road trip will be to orlando
Havent ben on in forever!
Group text apps
Sheesh! What were y'all drinking?
feels like I am back in Buffalo in the 70's OJ said that...
BIG win for the
Facebook: "Sometimes we have to make an exception for France." Hilarious.
Just rocked the streets of Jersey w/ my two younger sisters to this fourth of July's official anthem: Jungleland. Big man you are missed!
Getting un-jagged. Had a beerventure in Vietnam and Cambodia. Blog forthcoming.
you took my beats!!!
tell him i love him okay
Winners know that the most important time frames are groups of minutes in every day~
He's playing so well this year. Can't blame him for the second one that got by him.
fashoooo ! Sounds good player!
I hope Matt doesn't get a heavy sentence because Lisa deserved to die. #GH We also have killers like Jason & Luke roaming free for years.
Planning a 5-part science miniseries involving beer, ants, the origin of agriculture and yes, yes, back by popular demand, the clap.
whole note: what's due after failing to pay the mortgage for a year.
you look real lovely khloe
I'm bored. I'm stuck in a car for 5 more hours. I like Black Sabbath. One of these things is not like the other...
All over that ass ass ass RT: love u more 😘”
EU opens to first citizens&#39; initatives amid criticism (News)
It's been such a grueling weekend with officer shooting and SEAL incident. Nice to relax with some wine and chocolate chip cookies.
Is anyone going to be #BastilleDays? Tweet us. We'll be there supporting our friends and neighbors.
Peyton to Denver, smart man winnable division and weaker conf. Sorry Nashville.
Apparently he is not aware that there are millions of gay Christians...
Love it! RT : #aam2012 drinking game: bottoms up everytime someone says "engagement"
Why has no one coded a Battlestar vs. Star Wars video game?
he's In governors square 14, bottom floor. Come on down, so far: amazing as promised
They don't have enough subs to sub out everyone on a yellow...
Agreed! I love it when they have captions written in, like that one does. Great time period, too!
Fast, durable, scalable, easy to use, flexible, and unique
Hmm. 3 of 4 of my tweets today cover deep thoughts on death and the definition of life. An unintended theme. HAPPY SUNDAY!
Thanks friends for liking this page WE appreciate it
Critical thinking with logic and rationale concludes tax change known as #BuffetRule is common sense to sustain the countries okay statusquo
Once agin eating a late dinner #lategrind#
Haha, yeah. I went to a concert this summer but I didn't get to meet any of them so I definitely want to go again.
You need me to copy the info I sent you in an email and paste it into Word doc and attach it to an email to send to you again? What?!
Encourage them to offer opinions/groupthink. Or join some who do. May be hard cuz they're friends, but its your edu #2¢
haha I know I know.
Get a U-Haul!
Should be blogging watching #Scandal instead.
I would have! I used to be kind of addicted to those in that I would walk to the corner gas station at midnight to get some.
anybody have a bed & breakfast/hotel rec in san clemente?
Metta World Peace isn't suspended 7 games, but Ron Artest is.
Hahaha I don't have anything against either of them except for Jack annoys me sometimes
Definitely! 7:30 at Kaladi's still work for you?
Sitting on the 30th floor of the Viacom building!
Ive been trying to be positive for so long that I forgot how to live a life thats real!
I have entry level opportunities in Poughkeepsie and Albany-send your resume over: !!
well. When I move from Ohio to Cali. You and faitheypoo are my bestfriends. That's all I'm gonna say(:
I love you too. :)
i'm at matt and elizabeth's...it shook for awhile here...
great And u
I want a freaking black berry.
fixing to watch paranormal activity 1 and 2
oow thats sweet i love you thanks (:
Just made first dentist appointment in a loooonnnggg timmmeee. Now am really anxious and nervous about it.
I think at least Teague is leaning toward staying. Maybe Lamb too. If that's the case, why have a group conference?
Another beach shoot in the can. Time to select and retouch images. I really love post-production... really... I mean it.
thank you for putting us on the list
Relocating harvested 20'-22' long pine wood to our other location in Brookshire, TX. Our beautiful wood is available and can be delivered!
The high unemployment rate is a sign of a government controlled workforce and a mindset of non-self-reliance
I want McDonalds For breakfast lunch and dinner.
Venture Capital Bounces Back
congratulations Nate!
Favorite quote by my acting teacher: "Feel what you're feeling, not what you think the character needs" 's book STAR POWER
yu cute thanks
Is that your only eReader?
my brother does that to me all the time -________-
Obstetrician and endocrinologist. Everyone wants in on this! :)
It's not too late to get a last-minute gift...stop by our shop on Magazine Street today for a sweet treat for your sweetheart!
epic liquor run with
oh my!
sounds likes a gud plan
"we fill emptiness through performative acts of desire" turns to images of Spiegelman's Maus
Hey, Pulitzer commitee, the National Book Foundation might have picked the wrong book, but at least they picked.
I hope all is well. No doubt your presence means the world to him!
Kiss kiss bang bang.
Hi I'm a girl, I'm not funny, interesting, or creative in any type of way.
thanks Bianca, it means a lot!
You don't have to hate someone for closure. I'll never hate you.
Been a boring day
Rockin some gear to #THEBANGARANG at in honor of their release party this friday with !!!
Cant b nice to everybody
There is a difference between it's and its.
Barney was interested in bringing professional boxing back to Northern Ireland in a big way. Barry McGuigan
best quote of the night! I said to my husband did he say gun or GUT!!?? Bahaha!
Shout out to my wife Rhonda on this teacher appreciation day!
This is awesome. #nvgop #ronpaul2012 get the guests out. Count the delegates.
Heading to the Dutch village of Edam for bike ride and visit to a Cheese making factory
Rory is banging Pete Campbell. Paris is banging the President of the US.
I concur.
Going to be a busy busy busy week
Twitter is a wonderful platform for educational purposes! What is your take on other Social platforms for education?
They really need to let people in the US buy access to , either iPlayer or as premium cable.
must make it home in time for
Just watched Little Monsters with Kayli. Used to watch this movie when I was a kid.
in this Garcia :)
RT : Goin to victoria,secret tomorrow.....cool wt u bringing me
Could go for some blue moon right meow. 🍻
You're thinking of Elton John's Oscar party.
As Emily Dickinson once said: "When it tears the roof off the sucka', I know it's poetry."
About to register for my first barcode!
I'm doing a workshop tonight called "Show Me The Money For College" at Torrey Pines.
2 my fam Thanks for ur donation #SEIPDX u guys r awesome!
i have many friends that dance there and idk her teacher
You must be if that was all you have to say after all this silence!
Tonight 6-8pm ill be on tune in!!!
is soo tired, but my back is freaking killing me luks like very little sleep 2nite :(
I think this may be a good example of gov trying to reach too far and creating unintended issues?
remember that time I got defriended?
#Now is the time for transportation experts to come together to play their roles as we shape
Im woke now class over
You have to! It's awesome to drive. Went to the Malibu Country Mart today- it is so tiny.
HUGE congrats to my lovely friend Misty - she's going 2 be featured on 's Cupcake Wars this Sun.! Beer & cupcakes FTW!
Baby Bash is back at 5pm Round2!!
Philip's house.
Pshh. Why bring up the past?
Watching American Idol...they sound pretty good!
the gym need to be gettin ready 4 u lol
True Greatness!
Marveling at Gerry Passannante's new book: ms transmission as the history of atomic/alphabetic collisions. Fabulous.
#uknoyoughettowhen your bling weighs more than you do.
keeping it real take notes lady's this women knows what she is speaking and it ain't the BS I read from most these lady's ;)
Hey I'm the Newest Baller on Twitter! Follow me!:)
I love this video. I still can't remember the name of that guitar.
Quit sending me these things that say" people are saying bad things about you." shit. It's gay.
already confirmed!!!! can't wait to see you guys :D
That's your dagger Atlanta! Maybe next year!
Well then...guess that's the end of that
“: Tonight is turning out to be pretty awesome. Yes!!” More than awesome!
I think I'm too old to understand hipsters. Anyone old enough to be teased in the late 80s/early 90s for their giant plastic glasses may be
Most troubling abt Trayvon Martin's case. Is that it's not even a "CASE". It's how do we justify Zimmerman to set an example
RT KyleDZimmerman Who the hell is calling the shots at FOX? Half way money 5laps away and a commercial....
Gotta love a game 7
Doritos: The Crack of Snack
Our own Vine Pewter will be the human host for the Full Frontal Puppetry shows 3770 S. Pennsylvania Ave, Suite 2...
Josh= live by the 3 Josh= die by the 3
Milwaukee Bucks 30 Detroit Pistons 25 End Of 1st #bucks #pistons #nba (Via )
Holy hell, when is 'Shawshank Redemption' not on.
So we are working to dethrone gods? Sounds hard.
Everything go to waste, Too much money in the way, Got a b-ball court, Nigga don't even play
This has been an AMAZING Mothers Day !!!
Learn all sorts of safety training with SafetySkills! Online training simplified.
Philly just tricked this game off! Welp.... LETS GO LAKERSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS
of course! i'll DM you :)xx thanks so much, you have no idea what you helping me means to me!
its aweful because it sets his heart off, and his pulse gets crazy.i hate having an ill child.
I wish someone would devise some sort of contraption for keeping track of engagements.
I actually feel bad driving on the Pike W and watching the parking lot heading East. My advice is to listen to
Most people in the United States get convicted RIGHT OUT OF THEIR OWN MOUTH. USE your right to remain silent. Keep your mouth shut!
I will never put silicone in my ears. That shit is FUCKED.
I need some new friends
For those who really know me, im real laid back.
Can i hit in the condo? Can i hit it in the mornin like alonzo?
it's not a diet it's a lifestyle! of course we can do smoke shack
#HAPPYMOTHERSDAY to all the beautiful mother's
Tickets booked for Vegas! WSOP/VDE + ElectroDaisyCarnival (and maybe some table tennis? ) Now - finishing med school app.
Got a flyer for this tournament?
So cry me a fucking river, bitch.
Definitely. I like how clean everything is, and very easy for people to contact you and find answers to questions. Perfect!
Lemon grass, also known as Sweet Rush and sometimes called Fever Grass in the Caribbean, can be used as a remedy for fevers, and colds.
Filling out my ballot and answering the door to trick-or-treaters - at the same time! #IThinkILikeVotingByMail here in
Rocked thee fuck out with & tonight in manhattan. Good times!!
Now serving between 6th and 7th street on Walnut.
#edusadoha US embassies and #EducationUSA help US #highered connect with foreign MOEs to increase US colleges access to int'l students
Dolphins crushed/Bills win, wife makes killer hamburgers, daughter reads first 4 letter words, final touches on dissertation proposal.
I have spent enough time making electronic music when I should have been studying to accumulate TWENTY TWO tracks in progress. Get ready.
Oh noes! :( RT : Twitter is not working anymore. I can't see new updates to da pawty. :-(
There are librarians at the reference desk who can help you with any areas of your research. Good luck!
sad state of affairs isn't, watching dominance wither on the vine.
Rebuilding my etsy shop. Will have updates!
Holy wars are often decided on the prophet margin.
It's getting so depressing!
#SkipsTebowBandwagon John Elway should be tuned into COME AS YOU ARE to Tebow's Bandwagon, we forgive :).
ha i do what i can!
Mowing the grass and out of breathe ,I need a new diet plan lol
friends are great
Out on a run today, saw a horseback rider turning it loose on the eastern sands of Standley Lake. Impressive.
idk what do ya do
Fire alarms are STILL blaring! Maybe we'll meet some hot firemen at the pub?
anything tat I get to record you playing.
Snow Patrol will take the stage at 9pm Bogart's.
When I see your face, there's not a thing that I would change, except the direction I'm walking in.
“: U know its st pattys when ur moms wearing a drinking sleeve & your aunts are all wearing jig dancing hair
Thanks for the mention!
Hey Brad
THANK YOU TO THE 500 AMAZING PEOPLE WHO CAME OUT ON SATURDAY TO SUPPORT THE NEON MUSEUM! we love you.
I Wanna Be...
yes! VICTORY IS MINE. AHAHA! lolz!
Why is Tim Tebow very famous? It might be because he is very friendly, and down to Earth. He has many followers. He is a nice guy.
Happy National High Five Day!
We want to wish all of our clients, friends, family and fans a Happy and prosperous New Year!
heard that unemployment insurance line has been delayed for customers today for five hours?
LovatoIsMyStrength and JonasIsMyStrength if there's a problem well suck it :D
trying it out for a few weeks it takes some serious getting used to
Feels like Satan farted out here
#Helpmeunderstand. The Pope is going to Cuba to 4? Pray for the Cuban people? He could have saved a lot of miles. You can pray from anywhere
call me + i will give you the recipe and a reason to live
i thank all the people that stuck with me all my life and im happy i met some great friends @ Hughes i love my true friends
Got some supplies for etching. I've worked with ferric chloride, and I'll be working with electricity soon. Probably test it in few days.
I have no "groupies". Can i just double up on the ginger ale?
shit that's not the new BBQ joint is it
Happy Follow Friday everyone
Typo Chronicle
` Lol , Nah Not Really
Leaves don't even have dicks so I don't see the point of leaf blowers.
where :o?
love miller park.so comfortable.enjoyable.spacious.smells good..awesome tailgateing in a huge parking lot..moderatly priced..only1 hr away.
Denver's rude customer service and refusal to explain what will happen if I can't get on my flight *you* overbooked is appalling.
OMG 20 MILLION FOLLOWERS. CONGRATULATIONS!!!! PLEASE TWEET ME
No prob! Let me know when you're free for lunch :)
No matter how good of a guy you are, you'll always just be a friend.
The instructions for filling out Form 1040, which took up two pages 75 years ago, are 179 pages long this year. Insane!
I already follow her... is something wrong here or
The Franklin Institute
Submitted book chapter draft to editors. Hope they don't tear it apart too much.
This just in the so called experts predicting "rapture" today r nothing more than the work of devil trying to make real christians look dumb
Good morning!
I really should stop snacking at my desk. My work area got attacked by ants over the weekend.
Get a life... To all of those haters who like to create drama.
When people give you unnecessary attitude -- yeah, you're cool.
I is so hungry right now I could eat a small child
hear hear
Future of IT study from NASA JPL CIO #premier100conf "work w/anyone from anywhere w/ any data using any device @ any time"
I just let out the weirdest scream. Sheamus pinned Damnit.
Good luck!!! Praying for you!!
Thanks for the 411
Car wash and a show lmao the washer broke some red cars window 😂
who has the new fb timeline? any complaints so far?
Is it me or is mitch mcconnell and boehner trying to run a train on a girl named america?
Unless someone like you cares a whole awful lot, nothing is going to get better. It's not. ~~Dr. Seuss in "The Lorax"
sure:) x
Planet of the workaholics?
My brothers girly friend !!
I know it's embarrassing for you, but every time you mention dubstep I think back to when you pronounced it "dead-mau-five" lol
will help create jobs in the US unlike many other pet products. It's all natural and made using alternative energy sources.
Im about to clean out all the clutter in my life........
Brother Bones - Sweet Georgia Brown.
who do the packers play tomrrow?
good to see you today bro
Next Tuesday projected forecast? Taking 75 people to lunch then tour of Fenway Park.End day with duck boat tour. Hoping for sun
taking babyboy walking today after his daddy gets off work(:
no matter how many quotes and song lyrics there are, sometimes words just can't describe how you feel.
Pls utilize the bc! I was not lying to you. What jobs? I thought this would help, but it does not help #omla to show our feuds in public.
you got a phone ? And you don't hit a nigga up damn bro lol
The lights are back on today. Why can't we save energy every day? Even half the lights would be plenty. Boo.
": So fed up with men...."were not all bad.
Do you have the disease to please??
I'm glad to do so. Thanks for following
If you are at the game, please go over and strangle Tommy Edwards for me.
Under the Bridge by RHCP never dissapoints
Welcome back to campus everyone! Hope you are excited about the Super Bowl!
Rivera Injury=Seau Death, in terms of coverage and emotion seems like
#Obama "hastily" schedules an interview to discuss same-sex #marriage. Portions will be released today. What do you think he'll say?
Get great tickets to Broadway, Off-Broadway, attractions and tours. Group rates on the TOTAL NEW YORK EXPERIENCE. www.AllTicketsInc.com.
Is it cool for a man in his 40's to hang with 20 year old girls? Is anything wrong with that picture? What if he known them since 16?
Wackin some balls around w/ oh and is a skunk
Projects behind, contracts expired, not profitable. But still doing far more than required in the contract....scope creep!
Tonight its goin down inside club empire...everyone 21+ free all night and $2 u call it all night...don't miss out!!!
:) Where there's a will…
SHOUTOUT TO Everyone go follow her she's AMAZING!!
u stay at work. Every time I go there u there
Great turnout for our Charter 101 seminar in Kansas City tonight! It's clear KC is seeking more charter options for the community.
only has 2 books about Lincoln Heights. One in Reference, one in Rare Books. But how many books are there about Hollywood?
Ah, 6th grade. So awkward.
We totally need to have in studio…Their debut release is only 4 tracks, but it rules anyway. Kickin' female-fronted rock!
no idea hahaha
I know EXACTLY how you feel
yes, it will be worth the money this year for sure...solid card...good booking...better talent
Good deal, I'm glad to hear things are okay :)
Conversation and phone number deleted :]
I feel offended this girl was have you ever had a boyfriend before and I was like yes then she said you seem more like the loner type
like the frozen pocket ones, but with more crunch. its ok. im all about choco bacon tho!
twitter hacked?
I have the worst headache right now
Don't you rush to get old...
Sorry for everyone I didn't text back last night ;) lol
WOW! Could today be any more beautiful? It's absolutely gorgeous! I love springtime in #Miami :-)
Richards and Ovie.
If you havebt noticed already ima wrestle just to get that out there :)
Is Eli Manning even old enough to drive that Corvette?
We are happy to announce our newest Instructional Designer, Darlena Holan to the Cinecraft family!
I obviously knew that, everyone knows it's meese... Duh
Lunch at JBs
Looking like soccer dad over here lolol
A big thank you to all the rushes who came out tonight to bowl with the brothers of #UBAKPsi! We hope you had a lot of fun!
I wanted Fergie and Reba to do a duet!
he was lmfao:D
www.pokerbucketlist.com This is quite interesting, I am interested to see if this is going to work out well for Bo Fric. But check it out
not at all. i just didn't understand. no worries. how are you?
Thanks for the perfect weather today !!!
Quail Brush Generation Plant community workshop goes on with hours of public testimony, two full rooms of people opposed to project.
"That was awesome"
"my hair looks a mess." "yours? theres gray growing out of my weave!" um...?
#ATTENTION ONE PERSON FOLLOW PLEASE?.
what am I sharing
I have a #nook and really appreciate authors that publish ebooks in other formats - Amazon is a bitch to convert.
Timedollar Youth Court will have Jury Duty Saturday April 30, 2011 promptly at 9:00 am
We have winners for the songwriting contest! Peek at our Facebook page to find out!
Launching my website tonight! let's hope this goes smoothly!
then we played soccer with a basketball, volleyball with the basketball, and I think i have a concussion. xP EPIC DAY.
Looking for something special for Mom for Mother's Day this year? We will be announcing our Make Mom "pretty" Happy contest details soon.
Blaring Sandwitches in my room with the door closed -Damien Wolfe
me neither. If you wanted ice cream you had to go to the goshdarn farm.
1 Timothy 4:12 "Don't let anyone look down on u because ur young, but set an example...in speech, in life, in love, in faith and in purity."
What your plan for Sunday?
Shout out to the mayfair mall. I just got carded
So thrilled my neighbors are apparently LARPing as Cheech and Chong. The apt smells of weed and sounds of angry over-heated baby.
Somebody hit roger in the knee and it hurt. Shake it off and get em back!!
AGT going on!!
lol so thats what u were doing in math class
Pulled a muscle in 'Asphalt Abs' class last night. Spending the day on the couch watching GREEK on Netflix + drinking beer. I'm so fratty.
You're not fat..you're just easy to see (:
Great panel on Making Connections led by w/ You are all brilliant!!
Thanks! We are new to FB and want to tell people we are there by offering them our gas card. Ipads are cool too.
Cool! Thanks for letting me know. :)
widely regarded as the quietest council member among media.
that is the best thing I've heard all day!
NICE...I want anything that is 'cool' i am lacking in the shoe dept. too many bags not enough shoes :(
Association of Midwest Museums annual meeting to meet in Indianapolis 7-23 to 7-26 in 2012. At 1st city wide planning meeting.
will music be forever fragmented into thousands of small, internet-only sub-genres, or is it a phase?
My world is falling apart :-/
This is like mistaking a cup of milk for a cow
We do what we can :)
There should have been a tribute for Amy Winehouse.
The adult art seems kind of immature, and the kid art is too dark. The teen art reminds me of an Apple ad. Sigh.
At my cousins house crazy people.
Providing some holiday cheer today-cookie buffet & signing cards for the troops!
Wonders if 635 will ever be traffic free during the lunch hour...taking me 30 minutes to go 4 miles.
“: have fun! Wish I could be in two places at once”. Me to :(
Omg 100% of convo in new Orleans so far is either fantasy football or politics. Fml
Thanks for shopping! Enjoy the new mat :)
What's the app for android phones to upload videos to fb??
I don't know if you realize how much you mean to me but I just have one request. Please just don't ever forget about me.
. Damn hippie.
People who watch probably will not watch the Animal Planet so those commercials probably aren't working. FYI
What are you guys doing tonight?
i was just saying that!
How is everyone this morning? By Gods grace, I know he's keeping you safe.
on the reals though, give me a time and let's hang out.
Sick fights so far! More action packed then some PPV's! Lets go Hendricks and Diaz. Who are you picking
Ready to go watch the grizzlies play!!
Friday! Friday! Which bitch should I fuuuuuuuuuck!?
Holy big bag o' meds, Batman!
“The doors we open and close each day decide the lives we live.” — Flora Whittemore
for ratings they like having the following but we agree w u. rt I wish they would go and find someone new 4 the bach n bachlet.
Hungry as Hell
That iRobot commercial is hella tight!!!! Bout' time they used cool ass people lol
I think they will take one of the first two games on the road, but I wouldn't be surprised if the Thunder come back to win.
D1 takes one on the chin in a loss to Metropolis in a tuneup game. D3 wins against the carnivores and earns a playoff birth.
who all is going to the orange and white game tomorrow?
Molly ended up with 3 goals and 3 assists. Tommy pitched 2 scoreless innings and got the win, plus he had an RBI. Good day athletically!
Gods the only thing we will ever need, so why do we choose to put everything else in front of him?
aw thank you very much! <3
Happy Birthday Grandma <3
so I was searching for your # today . Needed ur help bia & couldn't find u. Fml!!!(:
What the bcs needs - preseason bowl games. bama vs mich at dallas stadium sept 1st
Dr. Seuss's Lorax iPad app is a genius recommendation based on purchase of the app. Hm..
Want to join us this Saturday for our bring a friend for free class? We'll be painting the Magnificent Monarch!
Starting Week 2 of our AHB online study and heading into deeper waters!
Say NO to drugs Kids it will ruin your life lol. I'm serious!
Thanks Dallas Travers! "Success is inconvenient. If you are serious, you must be willing to take bigger action and sacrifice some things."
Reader/Alerts are great tools. We use those as well!
I just have the best friends EVER
LINDA, you can't insult Lisa Loeb, that's the first CD I ever bought myself!
don't say that stop :( look am crying right now I don't feel like talking sorry its not you its just I need some time
arts forsake art
I'm always up this late..just not tweetin. Lol how r u??
Women are meant to be loved, not to be understood. ~Oscar Wilde
#RandomThoughtOfTheDay Why are we so quick to have sex yet so hesitant to say 'I love you'.
me my dad and my sister
“: Can't we all just get a bong.” read my tweets earlier today. Straight said this. Swagg!
thinking of the days when we wrote "eat my bubbles" on our backs, ran around the hotel at swim meets and didn't care how fast we swam
Had a coo little day & time to catch some Z's
True, true. And yes, the nueske's bacon nails it. Hence, our cookies topped with bacon. Best dessert out there.
Done, that's a wrap. Night
Did you know Yoko is on Twitter?
I'm a big fan of Cahors!
open for dinner tonight?
Mammoth Mountain received a total of 6 inches of fresh snow in the past 32 hours and the flakes are still flying! THE TOP IS NOW OPEN! Th…
“ 👵👴 ole folks and 👦👧 lil children .. nosiest and messiest ppl in da WORLD”
Hey Tiffy here and I must say I love your article in the new your amazing, Much <3 :D
is that win % affected by beating the Brewers?
the winter is slowing slipping away.... does that make you sad or happy?
RT Join the Twibe! Tell your friends to join us and let's enjoy NYC nightlife together. Visit twib.es/GS9
thanks for livin'. Love your tunes brutha
LOL, I think I need to go for a hike in Palmer park?
I see still has their holiday decorations up. And it starts to make more sense when you see they're in Gainesville, FL.
RT : Que 7. Migrating apps to cloud/scaling?
Just had a fabulous Greek Easter dinner at Central Gyros - Chicago (Belmont/Central).
....media told to leave because of security reasons. Too crowded in prez office.
Remember that time called our math teacher a terrorist
The people I want to be on Twitter are never on Twitter -___-
A little bummed out that I missed the ending of SNL last night.
About 2 in. on Phinney Ridge. Cab almost spun out in front of house, other 4x4s going up the hill w/ ease. Working late tonight, need coffee
Tonight at 6:30p we're hosting the "Leveraging Location Based Services in your Biz" preso by
My mom and I would love to meet you. I had a book signing at the Autism Speaks event @ Soldier Field last year and it was a blast.
New game: how many times they say "keep me posted" in 24 Hours in each episode.
I love watching weird people flirt
After hearing lil boosie daughter speak bout making money with her daddy.....Obama needs to make this education a top priority lol
sure no problem
Tragic. How old would she be today? What felled her?
running around in circles for the hell of it
mornin friend how r u??
RT if you wanna have a late night convo.
how youz doing dog
In Chicago! Who's here?!
thanks girl! Hopefully we can go to Catskills memorial day weekend!
Probably all laws are useless, for good men do not want laws at all, and bad men are made no better by them.
Wait, do you work tomorrow?
not even fair. :(
Thanks for the GhostWalk mention -- greatly appreciated! Hope we see you this weekend!
Other people's opinion of you does not have to become your reality. ~Les Brown
amen to that brother
you are very welcome!
I was kinda hoping that Newt would win the Republican vote in Florida. More longevity for the song... oh well.
Why am I always so hungry?
stop saying #TeamEast when u were all on Kobe's dick last year.
Congrats to so many friends & great SD businesses also honored at tonight's Fastest Growing Cos event!
Keep your friends close....Kill your enemies, it'll make things a lot easier
Death leaves a heartache no one can heal! Love leaves a memory no one can steal!
Olive Garden on my mind....
10 things was before my time here
as long as Nate had time to get his vest!
good point.
Wow! A game of inches!
Who's stoked for #DCEVAPALOOZA ?
Lol american dad
Breakfast in Oswego. I'll take steak and biscuits please. Thanks.
thanks for following ;) enjoy your weekend.
"Please stand by me. I'm forever Yours....Faithfully."
do we have one here? #notetoself get US brief.
I miss playing soccer.
The Next PANYC Board Meeting is Monday, 11/8 at 6:30PM. Email if you'd like to attend. All alumni are welcome.
is it raining?damm no night skating
A little jealous of Monte's website.... Can we talk?? Do y'all Skype?? Xoxo
Q1: I've always written. Started blogging to make it routine. But haven't blogged since Feb.
1 more hour! Be sure to tune into 98 Rock Baltimore to hear a live on-air interview & performance from ! www.98online.com
Tying up some lose ends then heading to the Southern Ideal Home Show to see our client Marty Graff!
same thing happened here in 06
If I were in charge, you would have to pass a written test and interview process to be allowed to camp in AZ outside of numbered camps!
www.facebook.com/inaudikaband go like it and ill give you a new song.
Now that Christmas is over I must know.. Did Santa bring your dream shoes to you?
Now that Jordan is gone, Indiana sucks.
God it feels good to be a gangsta..
Ditto! But won't make it there until July.
“: Not fair I'm jewish..RT : ...he's still faster than Ken Weinman. :)” And a ginger!!!
Man i hate goin to sleep mad..but i guess this women wont let it happen.
Its brittany Bitch
I have a wrist tattoo too!
The pieces are really starting to come together, huge piece tomorrow! Wish me luck and keep me in your thoughts and prayers! :-)
RT : Enjoyed a bottle of Engagement from our wine club shipment with dinner. - LOVE ! :)
haha very true, but that was funny! You should bitched him out!
#ff because if you don't, she'll have your ass deported.
RT : 42% of women who have abortions have incomes < 100% federal poverty limit
Burning purple flowers!
Shop shop audition shop shop
aww bestie... I had a blast today.. And diddo..
way cool can't wait to check it out
Visit www.sternmanagement.com and there you will find wonderful apartments at great prices! :)
Just found out a little about 's mom. She pronounces LinkedIn with 3 syllables
norv has "confidential photos" of high ranking execs
St. Patty's Day TOMORROW. Doors open at 10am $4 car bombs $3 shots of irish whiskey plenty o' cheap green beer, irish stew and corned beef
generally would have zero interest in any game that doesn't involve the buckeyes but i will definitely be watching this one
Met all the boys just now with my girl !!!
you can be my friend. (: teehee.
wants to see tour.
I love <3
Lord of the rings marathon. So fantastic
El Cajon City Council votes 5-0 to giving a nice $2,500 donation toward the Miss El Cajon Scholarship 2012 program
no you're right...they are the BEST! we love !
Those nights where you have just too much on your mind.
Hopefully with my boy tonight<3
fine , and you
You enjoy that Roos win Sunday?
The Onion writes itself. “: Climate Alarmist Calls For Burning Down Skeptics' Homes...”
The weather  with no  in sight
It all starts with the vision
Is "women are not like wine" going to be trending soon?? Lol
AMEN! Me too! “: Alright, mon! RT : It is Bob Marley's Birthday today. Therefore, I shall be listening to reggae all day.”
Will be praying they find this sicko... He needs to be behind bars. You guys stay safe. much love from nelson family
Wacky day in radioland. Thoughts with my boy Jeremy Loper, & wifey Randi, on the loss of their gig. Also shocked at Rob Morris leaving KDWB!
Now's the time to make a New Year's resolution - KVOA Tucson News Now 's the time to make a New Year 's resolution KVOA Tucson News TUCSO
I am enjoying the #werentsocial launch party. They are new TM clients. Great event!
I cried when Dobby died
This is impossible
fuck a goon & a goblin
Good morning (:
Sittin here cuddled up with my Finn man  he's not feelin good but I'm not complaining about some cuddling :)
-15 yards for a SNOW ANGEL?
I am good. Working here at CNN. Living downtown.
SPORTS R HARD
After a long night last night, it's nice to sit back, drink tea, and follow 's narrow #carlingcupfinal win over Cardiff.
I think I'll smoke one more bowl before work
I see you homie
nun i miss you :)
I'm listening to "Mighty To Save" by Anthony Evans on
it was great to watch the Astros beat up on the Cardinals when I was in STL last weekend too
Baked salmon, smashed potatoes & corn on the cob, I hate cooking when people expect it from me but I love cooking when it's for fun!
Wouldn't it be amazing if followed me?:) Oh wait... I'm dreaming :(
#WeWontWork if you don't eat the box
Oomf SO Fake . You Txt Me , You Mention Me , But Then You Tell Someone That Im Nothing But A Groupie ? K .
i just like lightskin girls... shit
This is like when the Mr. Wing came to reclaim the mogwai. "You are not ready!"
Dear "American Pie," I'm full.
I'm guessing you meant me! haha Thanks bro!
Amen, brother Andrew. RT Apologize for WHAT?
Suggestion #1 Welcome the disagreement!
Mayweather vs Cotto who cares #boxing is as good as dead
no way. That's dope!
Way to go Marquette!! Let's finish this Wisconsin!
Nevermind, I was downloading starcraft starter edition. I'll stop until I go to bed tonight.
RT : So excited is following me! Can't wait to check out the festival for my first time this summer.
hi bby hi
Lovely day is ending with #HeavyRain and bad #storms. :( Ready to go home and have a hot cup of coffee & snuggle my blankie and read!
can someone help me get more followers..awk everyone has like thousands of followers and i don't even have 200! hehe ucanhelp
I think it's a good idea
agreed! Thank you!
Shoulda had the hit and run on. Damn.
Conversation with a beautiful woman >>>>>
Saturday is pool day. Please hurry up.
If he's not going 2 dye those things, Erick Dampier should at least wear a gray headband to offset his chin.
Im the most distracted person ever
Are you defending today? Good luck!
Per the sports panel, we got a ton of useful knowledge from area professionals in the sports world.
Thanks for the sympathy, bud.
lol. I'm gonna let you know when I'm boutta go to Sleep.
Hanging with my friend carlee!!!(: I love her!
Thanks love
Gotta miss that show at 1234go records tomorrow too. Dang it all! I'll be busy chasing my spirit animal in the woods.
I didn't know there's a city called King of Prussia...in Pennsylvania
let me see what I can do. :]
your bestfriend is a wild one.
because their account is overdrawn.
Bill Rogers says is adding two cask ale lines and an expanded, upgraded patio. Target date is 4-yr anniv. on 6/9.
get the fire extinguisher RT : I think my computer is smoking! LOL
Hey, guess what. I tweeted you :D
Time 4 bed work at 5am
fuck Chris Brown
Owww here's mi msn if anyOne wants tO add me :DD!
come and join us -- we're happy to have u!
I'm not sure that should be anybody's style...
They fludging like they towing cars
Excellent news - will be enrolling in the Georgetown Executive MBA program this fall!
I love Gawkers headline "Battleshit". I didn't think it was possible to have less of a desire to see that piece of shit "movie".
Theirs people who workout to workout then theirs people who dress to workout .
"Be the change that you want to see in the world." - Mohandas K. Gandhi
ive been depressed for a long time its just been bad for the last week but im good now i had a deep convo with my mom
Impractical jokers is back!
went dead. Sorry boo
SON COMO SON! ON FIRE!!! Come down to the ABQ Museum!!!!!
Gravy-wrestling model hit in the face with monkey wrench after finding friend having sex on her sofa
thanks girl! :)
It's probably greedy to want a 6-0 road trip, but.... that should've been a 6-0 road trip.
Both of those MCs have projects dropping this summer. Very promising artists. We'd love to work w/ you on the hosting...
Couldn't be any happier for Nadal. Such a well deserved victory!!!!!!
The 77-bed replacement facility for Walton Regional Medical Center has became operational as Clearview Regional Medical Center.
i'm with you on LSU, but i don't have any compelling reason just a gut feeling.
We got The Gold Trigon. We are so awesome.
as opposed to saving your best arm to face 6-7-8, or, worse, never get in because your not best arm blew it against 345 in 8th?
what city are you in? low pressure warning could result in a blowout fairly soon
Have you RSVP'd yet? Hosted drinks, food, fashion show, DJ Jalil spinning ..... amazing! www.944.com/azzaria
LOL at the fact that was freaking out at the fact that i call my dad "old man"
RT : Hey All, I am headlining the Punchline in Sacramento, CA tonight-Sunday! One show tonight and Sunday and 2 shows on...
#Twitterdunk from the foul line 360 dropping shorts in the air 2 hand slam landing with my dick in mouth!!
If I was going to sign a Former bust #1 NBA draft pick to a 1 year $7 mill contract, I'd call Michael Olowokandi before Kwame Brown!
Congrats to - she's running for miss California USA!!!!!
“: Happy bday to my main Manz 🎁🎁🎉🎈🎉🎉”Good Look We Down Da Nuts Tonight
Every time we plan a reading, there's a moment of deliberation about how we could get you there.
None-It'd be hypocritical, as our policy is technically 'no food OR drink.' Was an electric kettle, I'm told, but before my time.
me too dude me toonothing better than a bunch of zombies,vampires and aliens out.....forget costumes we can be ourselves!
Who is your hero (or personal role model, if you will)?
Morning it's day job time!!! I am blessed and headed for success!!
Preparing Raleigh's #toomanyvictims vigil in at the United Church of Christ on Wade & Dixie. NBC17 is here. Kid's lives > gun profits.
six called Alex.He has autism."
Poised Creation is considering moving into the entertainment business!
UNSIGNED ARTISTS LOOKING FOR OVERSEAS GIGS-----> TKO ENTERTAINMENT IS YOUR OVERSEAS SUCCESS SOURCE-----> add & message me now!!!
I FOLLOW Back Bay !!
Fcat all week at school this sucks :/
exponential participatory art website idea - start w 1 image, participants can take any 1 down, put 2 up
gonna work for a few hours then study for history & bio exam.
Sunday's meeting time updated: arrive at 9, game design jam and extra sessions start at 9:30. Unconference ends at noon.
The Fall Season at the VAC has begun! Come see Mika Tajima in conversation with Richard Linklater tonight!
4 reminders per day to use your camera. Practice your direction; ask if you can shoot someone doing the Riverdance. Or perhaps an Irish jig!
Touchdown Miami. Want some cava stat.
what you been up to
Simon Thank you for using the hash tag #mrgasn please let us know how we can help promote your market research goals T...
jealous of that cast, I would kill to be in something directed by you!
y'all keep DRT!
yeah cuz I'm never on but I got my sis blackberry so it makes it easy to access so I'm on now.. And I can say whatever ...
No, it doesn't bother me that you talk about other girls. -_-
haha I did it fine. You'll be okay
#mybigfatgypsywedding is fabulous for #accents plus the culture. My not-so-secret indulgence.
God has Great plans for me!!
Any musicians in the Hudson Valley interested in buying a Marshall cab?
"Jesus fuck" is probably my all-time fave curse combination. Glad to see someone else enjoys it.
One thing that will never change: the love for my family.
Back to bed. :)
You have to teach me how to make jam! I want to learn!
Final count down to New year! (y) have a good one everyone!
And yes, I'm drinking and cataloging my favorite illustrators on a weeknight AGAIN. You Philistines are lucky to know my kind of people.
60% of the time, it works...every time
Qcrew Radio is now a official partner with Can't wait to share all the news and events on air with you tonight at 8pm!
EITHER WAY I DON'T GIVE A DAMN WHAT YOU THINK I'M ENTITLED TO
Thanks for including us Chip!
Thank you and back atchya!
This isn't hard--Just
Smiley's Beach Party is back at Eat'n Park! 99-cent kids' meals, summer specials...what's not to love?
Ahh, Pink your voice is so refreshing on a night like this.
With Peyton Manning's departure, "...Indianapolis is Brokenheartsville..." per Mike Lopresti's USA Today piece. I couldn't agree more.
Know a Tasty Kakes runner? Little difficult to get the out here.
Happy Greek Easter to everyone
"Our entire universe is a subtle fabric of space distorted by the presence of matter" - Isaac Asimov in Electronic Age magazine (1971)
Ugh I need more sleep. I'm soo tired. :(
Follow me , please please , FOLLOW ME , FOLLOW ME , FOLLOW ME
i wanna meet you too(: i voted for you the whole way on the XFactor you were my favorite. are you going to be making a cd?
we are trying to contact you back regarding your DM that you sent us.
Sick again ugh...omg i just realizd tomarrows new years eve omg were have i been lol
Oh, #Milwaukee! You know you've been waiting for it - it's $5 martini day! Any regular or specialty martini for just five dollars.
Going to pick up tickets for the show at the rock. If anyone needs them hit us up.
This dude just tried to change my nick name to some Juicy baby WTF <<<<<<<<<<<
From down 16-4 four mins into gm to up 47-35 at half. Nice!
Make someone's day
Dam you flipped on me quick for I have super powers though.
I remember how he used to say good morning and night... Now he doesn't. That says a lot to me.
Here we go
It's Wednesday! Come in and try our Chill-Chocolate Black tea! Just the kind of pick-me-up you'll need to end this week positively!
great to hear! have you renewed yet?
Clear skies and shooting stars while crossing the Mojave tonight.
We have Google TV too and it completely blows it out of the water.
Went to sleep working, wake up working. . .
Agree with ; comparison to French is poor. Spoken languages are tougher after puberty, not written ones.
Stoked for some playoff puck tonight
Ah, it's the virtual thought that counts!
Voting in the #ALAelection for the first time..
Hybrid in/out sales. Min travel, unless necessary. Lots of independence. Bring ur list & contacts, we'll provide add'l.
Nelly marrying Ashanti??? Fa real??? U think its gonna last?
I don't really...
First time I have started homework before 10 . . .
Can't believe I'm going to be missing the Indy 500. devastating.
its ok! I screwed up my frat one :/
Don't get pissed off when your neighbor has loud music on at 2 am. Call him up at 4 am and tell him how much you loved it
What's the PD? I'm Irish? Kenyans like Africa?
We're pulling for our Brewers and grittin our teeth through a tough stretch
BAHAAHAAHAA!! And you get it!!!
Seriously anybody kno how to get rid of a stalker...
Just booked my dream wedding cake with Cynthia's Cakes! Red velvet yes
My family is all sort of messed up.
Happened to me yesterday a few times. What does it all mean :D ?
Agree to Disagree! Ole Miss and Alabama are the best! I've played in SC!
thunderstorms everyday of #ala11, I thought it was supposed to be overcast a few days. I dont want to take my waders
...I'm in love and it's a sunny day :D
She ain't my daughter but she call me daddy
Isolation plays don't even work that well for great players, like Carmelo. Rudy is no Carmelo.
Sitting here like a fatty while my boyfriend runs a mile.
Aw I'm sorry, love! I'm not gonna say
I got some perfume samples in the mail today.(:
30% off markdowns at today- rumor has it they've started marking down the first round of spring gear!
#funfacts to #avoidinjuries Muscle strains are caused by sudden contraction of a muscle.... meaning you better warm up and stretch!!!!
Finally saw the movie "Bully" and heard director speak. Very powerful and moving. I recommend it to all!
feeling good after a zumba workout ;) ; new month so you know what that means!!! expect to hear some new songs this sunday!!
Latest addiction: Greek olive hummus.
Huh. Thanks for letting me know! A virus is the last thing I need...
7/35 people showed up to this class...
Shower Time (:
BBQ Kettle chips, and granola/raisins/sunflower seeds/walnut/choc chips..& ginger ale..extra deliciousness. =)
Don't you wish everyone in the world would notice for just a moment?
Good point! Who else are you thinking of?
Get ur tour starting today through feb. 7! Some days not available. Purchase at box office or ticketmaster.
Bought a new mascara, happy day for me. :) <3
Yes others as well... i just like to cook ;) RT They're saying cooking. Also sports, cars, games, you name it!
try group USA they have some pretty good selections.
RT : My lazy Saturday afternoon watching History channel was interrupted by Feature #Film business. Love my life.
Now I know why The Artist was a silent film.
Do you like Tuesdays?
No long lasting or frequently used candies or gum with sugar. This includes TicTacs, hard candies, cough drops, Altoids, etc.
Bed! Got that jury duty tomorrow.✌
oh btw the confetti cake blizzard is delish ;) haha
Love my new tattoo. Pics coming soon!
Tonight Trey Grimm rocks the keys 6pm, Richard Shaten 9pm no cover of course!
Holy crap. #weightofthenation just blew my mind. Makes me want to work out and be healthier.
#SMASH-ing news! We’ve been renewed for a Season 2! // I LOVE THIS SHOW.
btw your really cute.
10 minutes early for my 9am on Friday
The ONLY possible explanation for my schedule over the next three weeks is that I hate myself.
where u at foooo I got some of Ben Aflack and train wreck with ya name on it Kum FWM!!!!!!!!!!
For our walk-in and website customers. We just got back in stock today many of the ACCEL Cap/Rotor Kits. They will be updated online today.
yeah :) Ever since we were 14
Oh, I meant the twitter. Looks like it's working.
yes sir I am
sad! I wanted to go but had deadline and I am sick. Tell my work wife hi!
what's the big deal that you're waiting for ?
Happy New Year everybody!
couldn't agree more Ohio State is the Real Deal!!
Those are awesome Big Lebowski costumes! I would never have thought you could look that much like John Goodman!
Windows down, hair blowing in wind... Katy Perry blasting on XM perfect Sunday afternoon!!!
EVERYONE GO FOLLOW SHE IS A BIG MAHOMIE SO GO FOLLOW HER TONIGHT!!!!
Hit me up with some rec apps for my iPhone.
RT Jaime & Toni are needing your Grammy votes for an upcoming Coffee & Donuts Show! Info here: on.fb.me/x3W36q :)
Looking forward to celebrating my incredible Mom today. No boring brunch for the McCanns, Jules prefers to spend her day at the Sox game!
thanks so much :)
but she does has an interesting take on Irish people
Very last hands-on lab covering client management including client health and remote tools. #mms2012 #ConfigMgr 2012
Pls RT Dear San Francisco: I'd really like a #job where I am the #assistant to an #executive for a #startup. I'm ready to work my tail off.
33mattishot88- EW WTF. Um you're my bestfriend, we rule the school! Lololol! And you got Matt aids.
Got a hole in one on PGA and then lost by 7 strokes
which holdout is most likely to end first? Gore, Chris Johnson, or Desean Jackson?
"That is the most sickeningly sweet thing I have ever experienced. And I am sipping Kool-Aid through a Red Vine." - Dr. Sheldon Cooper.
Due to a booking error, I will not be singing at Blue Water Grill 2nite! I know....I'm sorry...not my fault:(
Dear ninja, I take the pics, not you... I know its too dark...
Time to haul my sugar addicted ass back up on the work out wagon. I'm taking Cher with me....
Hey Sara,where can I send the tracks @
Yo I will be here until Jan 4th, but I will be at Justin birthday event.
R "Perfection of means and confusion of ends is the ailment of our time." Albert Einstien
that guitar and mado solo on the new single... Sick! Love it. And I really like your voice in that key. Awesome.
Wow. "Over 100 entries" rcvd last year for documentary oscars, per Torene Svitil of Academy of Motion Picture Arts & Sciences.
Yes, but we were trying to post kind words about you guys! :-)
Thank Carma! I worked up an appetite, fur sure!
The largest problem I'm having with it is that I'm a developer not a designer. This feels geared heavily towards designers.
Life is too vast n broad to just settle down rt now, perhaps i'll feel like this always bc i am such a curious wanderer and come on, gt real
Oh , how I anxiously await our mornings!
Im never gonna hold my head up high anymore
Oh Lisa. I thought of that as soon as I heard. I can't believe you remembered too. RIP Adam!
ya never know at a Steelers game! ;-)
FOLLOW MY SIS
Yep.Want no part of Mia RT : Lot of ppl think we match up better w bulls and I agree. Chicago overwhelms w hustle, not talent.
Maybe GM should manufacture trolleys.
“: is 1D gay?” lol you must be new :-p YES AND NO
Ironically David Banner has an MA in Psychology
and she'd totally love you for it! :) how's your boy doing?
Yes and YES! What time do you want to meet?
He Took Two Weeks To Fucking Give It To Me !
he`s my LIFELINE
Watching 'Ultimate ' on Netflix to help with my high. Probably going to go see it again.
Sounds tasty! Hope you had a nice weekend. RT: I'm going to enjoy a bowl of your granola cereal in the morning! :)
Hey pastry world happy Passover and have an unbelievable swag Easter xoxoxo
we can't wait!
Good Morning!
RT : don't want to harp on about it, but 2 spaces left for NCAA fantasy football league.Drafting tomorrow at 20.45 GMT
Tom Brady has been healthy and had enough time to throw to lead us to multiple SuperBowls
Happy Halloween be safe. Specyphi what you believe.......
Playing wsop $1600 main in west palm beach. Up to 37k from 20k starting stack at 100-200 25 ante on a really wild hand.
Then call the May Tag repair man. He has a better chance of fixing this machine than Hatcher does.
Sorry for the MIA folks! We've been working hard on our #OneforOne...Stay tuned & stay
I'd prefer free but premium is fine too. Am looking for something with a similar aesthetic to seven five but more functional
Knicks have to trade Melo or bring in Phil Jackson
I am glad the is basing their attacks on on the failed 2008 attacks. Cause it worked so well for them last time.
Dinner with and her family
Don’t do something permanently stupid just because you are temporarily upset .
Clippers trying to put the game away..
now to finish sewing this new lace piece I am working on, nude lace with pink lining!!
First Time Client Trial Pricing is Membership Pricing for Massage $59 and Skin Care $69! Got Questions? GIve us a buzz. | Happy Monday!
Rise Up TupacDaDogg!!!
- loves to lay pipe in other people's turf, ask 's ex
spend $100 in produce&protein on a "I need a few things" grocery stop, spend the next 2 hrs washing, cutting & cooking it!
Lovely story. So what are you working on?
Big Hugs girls especially Eileen. I'm sending warm thoughts and prayers your way. xo
Agreed. I have to order & make available books by lots of people I don't agree with, but I too would defend it.
I'm not eather ha
There need to be more men in the world named Bunny.
Above the clouds on a plane headed for Sin City. Equal parts work and pleasure for 7 days.
Now your just somebody that I used to know
Community Calendar
Y is it everyone else who interviews talks about the pins and the greens etc... And PHIL just talks about himself.. Cont
Just finished talking to Tonya Antonucci of the Women's Professional Soccer league!
I'm watching from Seattle. Noland will watch it later. It's good!
Just ordered Dominos...
Day 2 juice fast no coffee. Tired.
RT : "An army of sheep led by a lion would defeat an army of lions led by a sheep." - Arab Proverb
Worked on new songs at the park. Slurpees now
I'm bored.
well yeah that too!
coeliac is a autoimmune disorder.yes its healthier but over all it sucks! It breaks the bank&the food is always questionable lol
uh yeah!!
Tomorrow's mothers day - don't forget to gift her travel cash on myTab! And did you see our Mothers Day's animated logo on myTab.co?
.. Just looking after my friends :-D
Who am I??? www.kevinkash.com
Today reminded me of why certain things are worth "it". Carve it up& it all fits.
his big mouth ass
Monday challenge: up the ante to be more persistent in maintaining standards and quality assurance.
Welcome winter!
We had some technical difficulties for the last few days, but we're up and running again!!
KOZO MAN - desk lamp by Kozo Lamp upcycled handmade lighting design - office desk lamps
I want to hit it from behind while she's laying on top of the grill on the patio!!
You know Pauly D follows you??
Calvin Johnson gets the Madden 13 cover.
Thank you for the RT! I thought it was a great article but a bit tough to complete in 5 days- your thoughts?
hope and the crew are enjoying it :)
“: Does anyone in Greenville want to go to the and show w/ me Thursday?" takers?
best show gets best guest star
I haven't been a looper since I did for the Dali Lama
You must think you're pretty awesome (Given Jada et al) RT : The better person you become, the better person you will attract
ur still lame af and i can just ask someone to delete
Here's a question for Dale: How does he stand that beard inside the helmet? Makes me itch just lookin at it.
so, where is my bottle?
And thus influential. Because do you know anyone else who doesn't have intense pro- or anti-Banff opinions?
We're out signing paperwork for Mom's new place! Yay! Barq's (our Cairn Terrier) has a broken toe. Boo!
Being concerned of others� opinions of you is a form of captivity
less than 40 more friends and we hit 300! Help us out yall! =] <3
Beautiful & inspiring.. you had me choked up big time. Happy to be a part of it in a small way. Xo
This is too spicy.
So proud of client “: Words can't explain how happy and blessed I am to be apart of this organization.let's get it!
so. freaking. awesome. almost froze to death but so worth it to see my pick win!
#RetweetThis I can look in her face and tell the pussy good
yea fo sho! Once my twitter starts wring again I'll follow u, my bad homie
A handy list of #thatcampphilly tweeps: /thatcampphilly (let know if you're not on it!)
GOT A GREATDEAL ON TIX FOR FRIDAY 8PM TAC COMEDY WORKS IAN EDWARDS SHOW I,M STOKED,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,
oh no, I just wanna meet one direction haha, and idk how early people will camp out
Friendly reminder as we're wrapping up the last week of programming for the semester. Financial paperwork is due by 5 pm on Monday, May 2nd!
HAPPY 4/20 TO ALL THE WEED SMOKERS OUT THERE!! HAVE ONE FOR ME!
I know .
Does the Corcoran Group have any plans to launch an NYC group?
Special thanks to those in 's car tonight blasting "Time Is Of The Essence" and singing along! That's what we love to see!
Masters is coming down to the wire.. This 13th hole will be big for Phil if he can pull off an eagle.
You too!
We miss you!
hi alice its bellas mom!!
This girl in this Jacob latimore video #WhyYoShoes where they at ?? 0.0
"You know what fame is? Sitting with the women of your dreams and forgetting what her name is."
those who have lost loved ones are not comforted by efforts to dehumanize the dead. These deaths are a preventable tragedy.
This week has been full of awesome! and rock!
Did I see the Puff Daddy hologram shoot hologram 2Pac at #Coachella?
When the tailgate drops the bullshit stops.
It's #80s Thursday! Don't forget to send us your song requests!
we r! Here we go!
#3WordsOfAdvice Don't give up.
Hahhahahhhh I love Bill O'Reilly
Wow that high ass dribble by dirk has been a problem
Sounds like a fabulous working environment.
one more day till i turn 21 ! 
Can you be in our IU Health Entry Pavilion by 6:20pm?
What is the best way to get a gig? A good one! Any leads?
we are going to the a finals!! USA WOMENS SOCCER > MENS
"A Shot Across The Bow" is a mean song lol
Don't wait for joy joy is waiting for you
Vince Lombardi, right? Always liked this one ": Success isn't a result of spontaneous combustion. You must set yourself on fire."
did you just reply to yourself?
off to buy more glue sticks, post-prom goers making may day papercrafts used up the last few. lots of fun and great results!
Have a super nice weekend, enjoy,relax & keep us in mind for your Brazilian Hardwood flooring needs!Cumaru - Ipe - Jatoba & more
Here's how to make a #bulb choice that's best for your #home, your budget, and your spaces
sup? me? im trying to get an old freind from school to remember me
You spend your life looking for the perfect toothpick, and then it hits you- the REAL answer is to eliminate the need to eat food. Wow.
Good morning twitter folk! Have a blessed day!
that shit is pretty good!
new world stages in NYC. :)
lol no she's
lol..fuck you...I spell it how I want..next time ima spell it O L I V I A
Running iTunes on an iPad sucks!!!! They need to fix this booted crap
But I do hope the second (& there will be a 2nd... Just don't leave right away when it's over) will be way more better.
How are you spending your #FollowFriday today? I'm here for the last day of the Pet Industry Trade Show with PetLife Organic!
yeah sup.
Loved this! Thanks
This Saturday is the Release of the new TROS music video for "When Doves Cry"!!
Doesn't have an injury, he was benched for eating a referee who flagged him for a personal foul.
Shit I am straight reppin my hometown of SAINT LOUIS MISSOURI
If dis lil freak dont cum do my hair she gone ashamed of me on ha birthday cause im still goin everywhere lol
as in they should have headphones? (Ill ignore the touch screen part)
Who fought though?
Holla if yu need me you allways going to be my boo .
Girl I feel your pain cause I have experienced it.
Charles Mokriski: foreign educated and admitted attys must be allowed to register as inhouse counsel of foreign corps--they are vetted
Today was boof I got beat up by all damn day
s/o to dis hattin ass niggaz in montogermy man!! and s/o to dat guy who give me dat page 10 grade year shit was fucked up!!
You're already hot enough! Us peons will never catch up.
93 civil service jobs moved outside Halifax | The Chronicle Herald
The Art-a-thon is a lot of fun! Only three hours left!
I'm kinda tired :| went at the bookstore to buy the book that just said to me :| Gonna read it later, feel so exciting!!!
#bbworl10 Ira Strauss, "34k content items in content sys shared to thousands of courses!" Save storage, save time@ Embry Riddle
Hoping I packed enough black for
WILL U GET AUSTIN TO SHAVE ME PLEASE.
We are reliving our first date.
MILLION DOLLA DREAMS
ahh, my husband got the lamb med rare last weekend and it was great. Never had a bad meal there.
M ”60 Minutes” & Indian food. That's how you do a Sunday night.
I don't know how anyone cannot be an Albertnator. lets be real. makes inspiring tweets, sweet, and caring <3 i love Sam <3
Im tired and frustrated about everything! Theres just too much going on right now
Darnton:"We faculty do the research…serve on ed. brds, all of it for free…& then we buy back the results of our labor at outrageous prices."
Guess I eat some frosted flakes or honey nut cheerios!...
yeah, sumn. ;p
so cute!
I'm the king of the castle you're the dirty rascal crassshh into me #DMB can't wait for June 22-23.
Epic Brewing Launch today at France 44, Free tasting 5-8pm...
If you keep on doing what you've always done, you'll keep getting what you've always got.
Morpheus You have to let it all go, Neo. Fear, doubt, and disbelief. Free your mind.
what u doing loser
Just got a Path
RT : Better than average job growth in the next three years for Houston, Austin, Oklahoma City, Seattle, Portland and San Francisco.
Nothin like going to CJs after a long day at work. :)
Um...hm... RT Joy Behar on interracial marriage: "I'm really sad I haven't tasted me some chocolate." #TheView Get em!
Yes n Deed! Yes n Deed!
Ships today ;)
The principles of how to put together an "IBM PC" were created in the 1980s when manufacturers created what were called clones.
watchoo doin creeping on innocent hipsters?
I miss u so much!!
Today went by so fast 😞😒😠
No one has ever become poor by giving. –Anne Frank
Happy 10th Anniversary ! We loved bringing in beer to the studio. :) here's to another 10 years!
absolutely!!!! I believe in you. Wanted to be on the road too ....enjoy the journey. :) it will unforgettable
ooh I almost put them but then went with my faves - UNC & Syracuse :) Good luck!
I was gifted a "Drop Not Bombs" this past weekend! It makes me smile... and want new TOMS. Silver maybe? cc:
show your card at any of our cafes and get a free size upgrade!
Hahaha! Sure I will come jizz to the store with you hahaha
The Big Lebowski
I see u and I can't think straight ❤
Done packing finally good night all God Bless!
unreal again!!!!! Thank you x
haha. i love you alex (: haahahaha.
Peter M: “It's caviar for the rich and cake for the rest, wealth grows atop a fragile pyramid of inflated home prices, and consumer debt"
SO wish I was at 5757 Wilshire right now!
So sick of baby food!!! I've never wanted a salad so bad in my life!
with #writtenembattles ? And they still suck. S/O & both came ready to ripshit
C'mon world. We all know what time it is with Kansas. I, for one, been supporting Kentucky since the 90's.
First, know that yoga is for everyone. It doesn't require u 2 have any particular body type, flexibility /peace of mind. There is no rush.
Oh yea it is
The great thing about teaching is that you always get a second chance to do it better.
Got my keys!!
Hey, I kinda dig being a Twitter tomboy. (Any excuse to alliterate.)
Stay soulful
Much better receiver than Teddy, for sure.
Things change, people change, feelings change
What happened to our Grizzlies?? I'd hate to be in that locker room tonight!
q6: We call it "Fifty Shades of Cray" at my library because the little old ladies LOVE IT. Porn schmorn. Give 'em what they want
The stars at night are big & bright...
Amom's flight will be an hour late. I now have a reprieve from slogging through rush hour traffic to the airport. Huzzah!
When your mom takes you to ihop and to see the avengers in the same day >>>
Tomorrow you'll realize what I'm worth, by then I'll be with the person who realized it yesterday
Women need to stop looking for guys to sweep them off their feet...sweeping is their job
Hockeys back go to www.watchnhllive.com the links will be up to watch all your hockey games live for free,just register and enjoy!!!
There you go beatiuful.following the cherry id like to eat! ;]
Everything in my refrigerator is frozen due to the drop in temperature outside
Wanna win a 51' tv from Paul's tv? Text "TUNE" to 25543 right now
im done with him
re: cookie promise w/o follow through. I agree completely. how rude.
Girl Is On My Mind
Interesting. I rarely use a lid for coffee, even in the car. I guess I defy physics -- my petty superpower.
that's kind of sexist. I'm a guy and I read American Girl books in elementary school - Molly was my favorite!
Growth via Partnerships and Alliances will enable you to increase scope & reach while minimizing cost & risk. Explore it as an option!
thank you for the retweet sister!
- Thanks so much for the #FF. I appreciate the thought.
#20ThingsAboutMe Um Damn Im not that complicated. Heres one though. I'm a magical Wizard who nuts Skittles and shits Elves that eat baby's
S/O to President for finally taking a position on gay marriage!
does phil ever respond to his tweets? did state farm ever return the funds? these are important questions
HEY ...LIL ROBIN.. THIS BITCH CCAN TWEET STAY ON MY LEVEL.... HOE.... LOL
I'm #StronglyAttractedTo My Boyfriend . &
ubaldo is eating up LA tonight! 3 hitter and dominating thru 8.
The good thing about this sick day is being able to catch up on #downtonabbey!
Thinking of all the great shows that will be played this summer by #DMB. Alpine, Gorge, WPB, SPAC, Deer Creek, etc. Can't Wait!!!
Retweet if your tired of the stupid DMs that say someone is saying bad things about you click here
Old ppl r crayyy
“: “: Will there ever be a new Modern Family on again?” Tomorrow. Stop being so dramatic! :)” Lol! :)
places the crepe place this Friday night!
COME OUT AND BE A CREATURE FOR A GAME!
Don’t forget, we’re open late - call us today and schedule some #MEtime!
Totally did not see this rain coming! Walk cancelled with and we are bummed!
I could imagine =)
Actually, I think they really do want to keep you scared. Because intense emotion tends to make one stupid.
Tired need a nap! Can't take one though b/c teachers like to give me homework b/c they think I don't have a life outside of school smh -__-!
A study done by Loyola College showed color invoices get paid 30% faster than black and white! Call us for details 303-778-0600
I will take your Bitch and turn her into everybody Bitch- Lil Wayne
buy me one and send it to me in my po box that im getting soon
"I love Diana Krall" -Moms
Thanks Kendal! That's great advice. I'll be sure to mention it tomorrow.
Oh gotcha. Thanks
Damm my stomach hurts
Thank you for connecting
I so love my beautiful brown skin!
Did you watch Frontline special? I have seen it a few times, really well done?
Unconfirmed, but I think won the office pool! She guessed 10 p.m. Sunday. cc/
Most people get excited by watching others live their dream rather than creating their own.
i dont feel like it tonight.not really in the mood
i just saw the Call me Maybe video with you and the boys :) nice dance moves ;) #followme?
we're here for him and whenever we're sad he's here for us. Beliebers Turn To Justin
Who's that?"; "What are they doing?"; "What's happening?"; "Shut up and watch the movie"
Out w some of our fave restaurantiers! Fogo de Chao = great holiday menus! RE: Q1 Where are you spending Thanksgiving?
I feel the energy / Between you me / Baby it's alright / Oh oh oh / I feel the energy / Just taking over me / Over me ...
Definitely experiment w/ User Streams; can accomplish that pretty easily with it; user streams accepts track & follow params.
blog is up feel free to email testimonies, prayers, or music that u want to share to --thx
second Super Bowl you have scrambled my HD experience! Fix it or Dish gets my business!
Company coming over tonight for my world famous Mac and Cheese. The cheese alone for this cost's over $15.00, sharp wht cheddar &Gruyere
Saw Ann Pachett last night great way to spend an evening.
Are you going to the #rockies game tonight? You may need to pick up one of our Rockies jackets first! Rain is in the forecast
Last marking period of my high school career. This is soo unreal
Happy hour starts at noon in California, Ends around 10-11pm. Biz is good, all things considered. Up and down. You?!
The fact that I can be so far from home and still get so much work done shows how far we have come. So easy to remain connected/productive.
Oh Shit, iThink Projects are Due Today?!
I learned a lot about the art of a good presentation. I though the doula was so powerful using one narrative as a through line.
Thank you for the breakfast & dvds. you made getting up at 7am worthwhile.
RT : Every day of your life is preparation for the next - what seeds are you sowing today?
ha! Sure! I just need to get a bike :)
At #ad:tech NY? Don't miss Fanscape CEO at the Marketing to Teens and Millennials: Creative Showcase of Digital Success Stories session
talking bout ur commentary last night with friends today; gave lots of us chills! Nice job!! It's a talker today.
When I think about you, I think about 17 <3 Funny how a melody sounds like a memory:) #eric church
Have you or anyone you know been to #Argentina or #Scandanavia ? Let me know. I'm hoping to go soon :)
getting my daughter ready for her TV pilot being shot in the am
Con Gratz on all the Success!!! Keep up the Hard work! GREAT MUSIC!!!
RT : A loaded gun on campus of VA Tech? The gun lobby would like to see it everyday with their push for "guns on campus" policies.
Josie just got to FaceTime with on my mom's new iPad 2. I need one!
Zombie walk end of april??
16 days, up to episode #38. Will be up to date soon. However, I'll be sad to wait so long between podcasts.
get ya some then i bet you be walking alot :( you might also need a foot massage too tho if you lived close i would provide dat
Today 1942: Joseph McCarthy, later famous for communist witch hunts, was sworn in as a 1st Lt. in the Marines. As an Intelligence officer.
Tommy Wells is being re-sworn in as the Councilmember for Ward 6
Minneapolis may be my favorite airport so far.
oh missed the part about already having an LTE phone. Guess in your case it paid to be an early adopter
na just chillin listening to protest the hero whats up?
eat & digest, rest & progress
Nice meeting you this afternoon! Maybe we'll run into each other again and chat more about branded entertainment.
Way to choke boston! Lmao!!!
Ah yes. It truly is tough to top a good #suit. However, do you go 2 button or 3?
Who would win in an epic fight? Superman or the Hulk?
Had red beans and rice with smoked sausage for Fat Tuesday Best match thought would be zinfandel but turns out to be gewürztraminer.
i did too
Yo yo, throw some butter on that lobster!
just saw at netherworld. he's too cute (:
your the both two in one multiple choice answer
-Hi Dolls!Sent you an email on behalf of who referred me to you!Pulling for a music video!Want to feature xox
Hey UB students! Don't forget to check out AKPsi this spring. Rush is coming sooner than you think!! #
In Ohio on the south shore of Lake Erie. Hope to have fun. . .
Made A New Tumblr (:
watching the Rose Parade and seeing a lot of Wisconsin Red! AWESOME
Why did the witch go to the psychiatrist? Because she thought everybody loved her.
All my gimmicks are cheap or non-profit. It's sad.
We are getting it all wrong. I am getting it all wrong.
Hey man. I hope your day turned around bruh! Need anything just text me.
:D So excited for the EP
If you haven't requested "Old School" call, tweet, email or facebook your local radio station!
Thats a great hobby
Well, at least you *have* something when you're done, instead of a pile of rubble and high score.
We're examining a first edition of The Wonderful Wizard of Oz for a client, and even in its poor condition, it's an amazing thing to behold!
That too! Lol RT : maybe they're more shocked at the fact that manners still exist! Lol :)
Which is my whole brain. but yes it is satisfied. I can still feel it...i must do it to zach next time
UK doesn't seem to feel an ounce of pressure. Impressive.
I apologize to my followers for next hour or so I am in an interactive play where audience responds via tweets. Plz ignore ;)
“: that's how we roll! Come see us soon here in Wichita!” heck yea!!! That needs to happen soon!
Texas is in bloom, and so are my allergies.
if Gerv was dead, the world would be a better place.
Pretty much. I knew it would be too but this is what he wanted so I support him. It's killin' me.
Final audition at APU is completed.
a year already? can't even RT Congrats #BU seniors! You've made it! Can't wait to hear who your speaker is!
I agree he's on a rage this season
And your ass you stinky bastard : Oh man my mouth is on fire!!!
": Man gtfoh Soulja Boy tryna remake Juice I give up on life if this happens" Lmfao (Agreed) lol
haha i would have gladly accepted right after you received your mvp award
Students said "fast on" was positive aspect of iPad. This fits the extending the classroom plan.
so you're doing bio notes which means you have your book so why couldn't you find it
Im just an option to you . The other ones making me a priority . dont complain at what you couldve changed.
Happy 2012!!! Already proving to be an amazing year!
Agreed. This won my "funniest shit of the year" award!
oh I don't doubt that its true but there are 2 sides to any situation. I want answers not hype
good day!
lol yes this is true lol
so are you still running for aldermen?
I am workin photos and will post some new stuff soon!!!
Learning abt Bowerbird, which carefully arranges fruit, feathers, etc. in courtship ritual. The fowl version of Baldessari app.
Thanks for the RT, Denise! Glad u enjoyed the study.
Easter lilies not your thing? We have so much more! Like hydrangea, fuscia, hibiscus, azalea...
Men: #Dryeye is prevalent & increases with age, hypertension, benign prostatic hyperplasia & antidepressant use. via
RT : The art of being wise is knowing what to overlook.
But I rather go to walmart to play in the store lol
It’s my last day in Green Bay. I’m sad it has to come to an end, but it’s been a splendid time! Stay tuned for photos of my adventures.
Can't believe Shane is dead!
Not fair, I plan on doing that in about 4 hours.
GOT TICKETS? 2 days away from some good ole music; The MANHATTANS live ! May 5th. GET TICKETS 412-431-0773. Groups welcomed!
I don't think I want to know.
What a fantastic event!! Over 50 people showed up to learn how to make curry's, chillies, all using the simple and fantastic JetBoil...
#overheardinbookbiz RT : "I'll take a pass, let me know when a werewolf comes by."
Thank you!
Makes sense-seems another case of looking for loopholes. wish they would devote as much time/money to making current page
breaking board and I'm live on US
Boo that video didn't work. It was from the Cheetah run. You're just gonna have to take my word that it was cool.
#evilplan By putting treats in Rusty pup's food, I am conditioning him to love me more than the Hubs. Bwa. Ha. Ha.
Wavii (for iPhone) (beta)
is a genius. There it is. Just got got amazing design work sent our way from him. Can't wait to share with public (be patient).
looking for a job? I can ask and see if there's any
COMING SOON: Daily tweets from the American Botanical Council!
DO YOU LIKE COOKIES? because everytime you freestyle on austream you mention them. MAKE A WHOLE FREESTYLE RAP ABOUT COOKIES :)
*head explodes*
Goodnight Everyone!
Did everyone have a nice weekend? Have new audio coming tomorrow for the podcast, so please keep us in your sight! Thanks :-)
Feeding grandkids and at the same time leaning dialogue and new songs.
"why are you screaming?" ..."there's a big..spider in the bathroom." oh my goodness
So it's the section leading the UConn students in the U-C-O-N-N cheer tonight in Providence. Gotta love it.
My #FridayReads? 3 fantastic books with "blood", "bone", "smoke", & "shadow" in the titles... It's just quite confusing
i'm thinking you might need to find a Germanic nickname for Jacobs...
I only watch the Lakers b/c Pau Gasol looks like my little brother Kris.
did he add u
Getting my hair done today..
RECAP #2 - THE CHARGERS WIN 12, MAYBE 13 REGULAR SEASON GAMES!! RECAP #3 - THE BEARS GET WIN 9+ GAMES, LIKELY GET REG SEASON 10 WINS!
What is Google Up To in Israel ?
Those mini spaz attacks when your in bed, half asleep and you think your falling.
Congrats on the Princeton performance!
#BlackParade my fave song is "welcome to the black parade" cos of: "would you be the savior of the broken, beaten and the damned" = me
Nobody believes the official spokesman, but everybody trusts an unidentified source. ~ Ron Nesen
CONGRATS JETER! Of course you'd hit a homer for #3000. Great work. Go Yankees!
Girl thick is good.!! You betta hush all dat noise up !
I'm not ashamed of being a System of a Down fan.
you have to show your work for full credit
Just wrote a new song! It's about the moon:)
Indeed he did sign Mike Williams. I could see Chip taking LaMichael in the 2nd rd.
That's my girlfriend's sex toy.
testing my might on this big hill later on.. (x
It's cheaper than a beer ;)
My fingernails are all long an feel disgusting!
I jus got here n I'm already too hood for dis party ...smh ...lmfao
if someone wants to walk out of ur life LET THEM GO! The fact tht they wanna leave shows they prob never shouldve been there in the 1stplace
I have complained to they blame for the bad feed
Birthdays then: wow! Look at all these presents! Birthdays now: wow! Look at all these notifications!
I just started coughing and I can't stop.
Yes location svc is active when app is open & stndby when in bckgrnd. It only monitors significant changes in your location. This
in the block section of privacy settings.
really?! I'm jealous. I want to work with them!
no girl sucks dick but somehow all niggas get head. niggas only fuck bad bitches yet all these ugly girls getting pregnant. somebody lying
Really enjoying it. Next up: The Art of Fielding. Any other recs? I have a 14hr flight on Saturday, so I'm all ears!
haha they look like mountains on his arms
is crafting a blend of rare malt and grain scotch #whiskies, distilled and maturing since 1952, to be called Diamond Jubilee
*tee hee* awesome RT I'm doing a seventh grade leaf project. Sure hope I get an A. It's Freaky Sunday.
Hard to say, definitely thru the next fortnight or so. Do share your illustrations, too.
Oof! Sorry, that stinks. I feel your pain.
Oh damn...Listen to the radio on Yahoo messenger...Yep I need to shake it like a salt shaker tonight...Love to dance!!!
follow me and I'll follow you!
Really enjoying the tweets coming through the #MW2012 list I set up, an amazing bunch of people! More names to add though
My sister is a mess smh
why not? Are we really driven by what the media does?
no only two more episodes of GoT left!!
Cool. Walkmen & Heartless Bastards will be at Summerfest.
happy to build for Outlook for Mac when Microsoft makes it possible - today, only calendar items available, no message info
#IndieMusic MP3: The Tallest Man On Earth – “1904″
Chapter 2012 Page 74 of 366 I've been labeled "Random Abstract" by friends and family...I finally embrace the title.
sounds good!!
Good Morning!! Woke up late but in a great mood....I still really need a cup of coffee!!!
Nice. $1B FB + Instagram. Now just need to add to it, and the empire is complete!
The first to apologize is the bravest. The first to forgive is the strongest. The first to forget is the happiest.
Finally purchased my membership, yeah! Enjoying sessions while getting some work done this AM. Surfer Blood session great!
can't ever go wrong there #Truth ...
why justin's youtube name is kidrauhl??? eehh someone tell me ok no :)
EVERYTHING HAPPENS FOR A REASON
Ray Allen amazingly quick jump shot, Rondo not so
And Thank You
On my way to the mall then a rams game
I need some sun glasses
so do we! thanks for the <3!
For this is the will of God, your sanctification: that you should abstain from sexual immorality-1 Thes 4:1-8
Will be heading off to BEA tomorrow, and for the next couple of days.
they changed the start time to 3 this morning.
existence I have tried everything as well lol
My dream is you to notice 've tried so hard but you haven't.Every morning I wake up thinking 'this can be the day'.Is It?
We appreciate you sharing your cancer journey, even if it's painful or frustrating.
have u ever met Vince or Bret?
Ugh i hope ACT will clear my mind from dis shit
Is this a remote position, by chance?
At least i can see my other one friday at EKU (a college)!
Beauty comes from within.
harm probably not. Do I want to see them in my feed and have to block users constantly? Nope.
aww your so sweet
happy bday fam...hope u have a good one!
lol...Can't Stop, Won't Stop (Puffy's voice) . Is that in response to you checking out the mix?
ng to the #MKEShindig at #sxsw? Like free brats?? is sponsoring some Wisconsin goodness :)
10 more and the lead might list through five.
You're awesome, my friend. Congrats.
good luck to all for the big opening!! The kidz, they WILL come!
Holy ice planet Hoth! I might need a Tonton to get anywhere today
Favorite Panel @ IFP today "Case Study: Tiny Furniture." Inspired by 's film itself & story of moving from student to SXSW star.
Why am I still awake?!
I always hit the bull's eye. I aim, I shoot and whatever I hit... is the bull's eye.
omg stop i love you both
just realized I haven't been out to see the new place. How's it going?
Dude i know they make me feel all insecure and shit, :c like fuck i have flaws, but don't fucking point them out, i got chuu c:
Mucho gracias to for sponsoring this years #idea10 & the party last night. Thank you for your continued support.
No one and I mean no one should be homeless. There is so much wealth in this beautiful World of ours
Somehow I don't think many people knew about the word "segue" until the Segway came along.
woo! :) great album!
La Tasca in gallery place started happy hour early!
Looking like a new woman feels like you've been blessed twice.
Talking now about why the Committee on Human Services rejected the DHS budget proposed by the mayor.
There's A LOT of support from Vancouver and Portland, so it would be great to include people who can't actually be in it/Seattle
yup, you plug and go!! I'll help ya get plugged in when you get there....I gotcha girl! 😉
straight UP ignorant. BBW is cooning!!! Women (real women) dont fight every week...or at all for that matter. Shaunie is PIMPIN
Yea, that's cool. I'm still learning to play. My weekend was fine.
Ah, but see, this way you can do your own and correct all of my obvious oversights. Everybody wins! :)
whatever it is. It's going to be alright!
We are less than a month away from the Congressional Briefing! Email your RSVP today to
true that!!!
It's Trivia Time! Who was the first Twins slugger to hit 500 home runs?
.. Good Morning Hawk .. Have an incredible day
Doing big things with my music career thanks to God!
I'll rock it!
Can't wait to see the Celtics Thursday night in #Milwaukee!! Shout out to #RajonRondo, #PaulPierce, #KevinGarnett, and #RayAllen! :)
RT : #BreakingNews #Sheboygan Mayor Bob Ryan concedes and congratulates challenger in recall election.
Expose students to many different collaboration environments. Break out of the comfort zone of consistency.
no more kale this week, tomorrow we have the Funghi pie as our special.
Never good enough
thanks for all your help! :)
So... juliet lost?
they need you on organ bro. Lol
All the "old" people love my cassette tape iPhone case. Those under 23 don't get it.
I've drank like 7 cups of kool-aid tonight. It's cause I'm black doe.
the people just look at me like wtf. I'm surprised they don't know my name.
Girl-crushing on after NAILING her Sarah Palin performance in HBO's "Game Change." Most interesting film I've seen in 2012.
Super early to trivia semi-finals. Sorry #coffee but we think we picked a good seat!
How can I love someone so fucking much? Damn. 
thanks, With #hashtag chops like that, you could be a social media intern!
Enjoy Your Weekend everyone!!!
Adam Lambert should definitely come out with a makeup line and sell it in Hot Topic
You're my hero.
Wondering what you will do this Saturday? Well, Kevin Hart will be at Love. To Get Free Entry Text LOVE TO 37404.
im great
Is it Friday? I swear, this week...
If you are going to respond defending conservatism, we can start talking about how it sucks.
you don't know who JB is!
Leaving today for #Pittsburgh to see the #Mets dominaye the
Lake Austin
Im sleepy as ever.
My back hurts ):
around the world cruise. who has 4 months to do that?
i love, love my kindle. so many ways to get at the books -- laptop, phone, and ereader. plus some cheap offers and deals.
Heard great paper about Wulfstan using Alfredianaterials, by another appreciator of
Hey Umm when you Gonna Drop a New Video?? your Video's are Brain Banging.. lol
Theory: Favre claiming "anguish" to soften the backlash when he signs.
Is it just me or does anyone else want to punch the host of the 700 club? He's a jerk...
Just returned from meeting with 100 other Information professionals and leading the session for first timers on networking and learning fro…
Don't worry because worry makes stress & stress stumps creativity
Congratulations to Matt Toledo Publisher & CEO of LA Business Journal for completing a 3 day solo bicycle ride from San Francisco to Malibu
Almost forgot to pick my mom up at the aero puerto. Oopsies
i spilled starbucks all over my purse now everywhere i go im gonna smell like a carmel frappucino
": think I can trick into taking me to see Beauty & The Beast in 3D tonight? time will tell. #WilyCharlatan"
great twitter page to follow for NYY fans.
That just made me laugh.
My nigga rocking his gold Roley! Im rocking mine!
RT thats the truest statement ever made
Sick as hell rite now nose stop up n shit ugh
my bellybutton piercing is so very cute. <3
That girl is in need!
that sucks what do u think olly murs
what is your identity de-labeling activity #sschat <- i like the way that sounds!
Nope...but I have a dog named Niko.... ;)
So tired of hearing about avengers. Its jus another fucking superhero movie. Haven't seen it yet but guarantee know what's gone happen
Pizza and orange sody.
When you're listening to conversations you know you shouldn't be hearing.
Why have I not watched ORPHAN until now?! Two little girls just straight-up murdered Detective Wyms from THE SHIELD!
Watching Frozen Planet with Viggle Sun | 5PM | Discovery Get real rewards just for watching TV.
I have used video. Well received
Safety Reminder: The more places/sites w/ your credit card info on file, the more chance there is you'll get hacked.
listening to you, makes me want to start dancing in the streets.
Perhaps the tradition Rush is upholding is Mormon.
Those of you with : WHY HAVE YOU NOT BEEN SPOILING THIS WHOLE TIME?! #DoctorWho Looking at you,
I have great respect for organizations that take the time to say 'thanks, but no thanks.' In my experience, this has been rare.
GO TO MY WEDDING NOWWW
I'm in the same situation with my new product Writing a script for a video this week.
I hate how quick my nerves an be recked
Alex Golub: We need to innovate beyond existing publishing models within Anthropology. Historically Anthropology has failed digitally
Happiness is Heading to Ford Fiesta Extravaganza Live in the D!!!
anyone have suggestions for a 14 hour overnight layover in lisbon?
Thanks so much!! RT : I never doubted that you would! Congrats!
It feels good to be home.
do you play HoN or LoL?
See you tonight - Mardi Gras Parade at West 18th Street - meet us at YJ's Snack Bar at 7pm and we'll eventually make our way to 18th/Vine.
I need more followers hehe
Q5 Why not teach them what words mean? "The circulating books are on the 2nd floor; you can check those out."
Trust me, it's just a little lie. Ha!
...Maybe it's me, not them.
when someone says I ship, Larry , or ziam , what does it mean?
What's the 9 foot power cord for??
Join SECO and Bomshell Saturday night at the Marriott Marquis!
drank up all the whiskey. partied every night .
I rode a horse today
They don't show up with the classmates when you don't include the #EBUS118 hash
The library will be open today from 12 pm to 5 pm. Get ready for the week!
I cried ): it was so sad .
Driving your tractor to wal-mart
I feel a little better about my incompetent run yesterday then!
Almost everyday I get a confirmation from the universe that I am doing exactly what I should be doing. Today's was poweful! Thank You.
Happy St. Patrick's Day everyone! Finish this sentence and you will be our Status Update for the day on Facebook. "Beautiful is..."
love it. I will probably see them in AC.
I have decided I will visit Mayfair tomorrow it sounds so good
denny's <3
go find one
The dude at the bank looks like a young brian mcknight.
Join us at 7pm for our Town Hall Mtg at The Associated, 101 W Mt Royal Ave. Our proposed FY2012 budget will be presented for public comment.
The playoffs gone be interesting
#NowPlaying Justin Moore "Til My Last day"
Thank you & happy holidays to you too!
CHRISTIAN! YOU LIKE SPONGEBOB?
you guys one of few teams I like 2 C do well but Rogers is KILL'n my fantasy league how bout more RB action! lol
Happy Earth Day!
Watching "Figure Father" on vimeo. Great story.
Y does she tell me now I was having a good day till now .... Now I cant think right :( I feel sick
My nose even hurts
I have too much time on my hands Haha
Was this ? RT : We made it all the way till 2:05 before somebody knocked over a Christmas tree at
But aren't there some who just want to see the world burn?
I think somebody hacked my page
Follow me on instagram @ ImSoConceited Come I Will Shout Ya Out! !!
TIP: when you are tired, rest.
Wholesale gone mobile. Find out what we have in stock, and where we will be.. Orlando | 4074864387
perfect see u then
We will be at the #PITT Blue and Gold Weekend selling our Pitt Slyder Game
Ha! Somewhere new to visit next time I'm in the city.
that's not healthy to lie .... its unhealthy for the.mind
Soccer tonight.
This guys cute to.
I'ma block Deshun ..
I spend too much time alone in my head.
Love my team. Love my city. Love
>Quote: Happiness is not something you postpone for the future; it is something you design for the present. Jim Rohn
$20 wash&Curl
free btl of wine all July w/2 entree purchase when you mention TIBA to your server! outta help with
Your guess that celeb game was awesome!!!:) Please do another soon and keep up the great work!! 
Concept mapping as a language learning activity! Denise is preparing us to work with a poem as the primary text.
I'm absolutely astonished by how many women walk around #vegas with their shoes in hand & dirty ass feet. So sloppy.
I know! I listened to it a lot when I loss my daddy :(
Please follow me, and I'll just about die<3
/i am now unfollowing you skip
We have jobs for you in the Pittsburgh area!! Call today 412-645-6021 or find us on the web at www.trgcs.com/joinus.html
just realized this weekend was the last competition before nationals :o
i meant same episode man....
Thanks. You've certainly given me good dream material. :-)
I use my sharpie lip line...": I blow besos #muah"
R.I.P. Dick Clark... Cultural icon and slice of America passes from the scene. New Years Eve won't be the same.
James Franco's NYU Thesis Film, staring his bro, will be at NY's IFC theater 4/27. First student film to get a theatrical release?
PLEASE FOLLOW ME BACK YOUR AN AMAZING SINGER
Ordering parts to build Buddy Bike Sport equipped with NuVinci N360 drivetrain for 2013!
wish me luck for my cheer competition tomorrow!!?? (:
Lindy Fix tonight at 8 at the Polish Cadet's Hall! Beginner lesson with John and Sylbie, DJ Rob!
You see me lookin at you and you already know
why I need u
Lol, Did You Run?
It's literally the most difficult thing you will undertake in recent memory.
Cybergun (CYMA) 1928 Chicago Typewriter Thompson Sub-Machine Gun Airsoft Gun REVIEW ;O dillon
Why am I always the one that put in the most effort and get back the least?
Thanks for the kind tweet, ! It was cool seeing you last night too!
send us a message any time - let us know what you're up to, too!!
Time to bike..ride..
RT : Thanks for coming to the Q&A cele-bray-she-own! // Of course! I'm always in for a good mid-day festival of awesomeness.
RT : ": Call me a nerd all you want, Legend of Zelda is the best game ever invented." THIS EXACTLY
Coffee is not a beverage... It's a moment of pleasure..ah
RT if you would buy from 's shoe line!
favorite pie flavor?!(: lmao
when ii woke up this morning - ii forgot to give a fck
I miss christopher
How is your trip going? We had a great time on our little San Fran tour last fall.
You come highly recommended!
My Mom is in full on packing mode. We're all ready for this trip to start. It's gonna feel weird leaving in the afternoon for once
That is true. Super annoying.
idk what that us but ok I I'll go because it's you lol.
At work .
also i miss you, and when i get my new car, i'll come visit you :]
I been smokin too much
Thanks Ronnie!
The SKY is the Limit
Happy holidays to all my tweets.
: Happy Chinese New Year! It's the year of the Water Dragon. Get 9 oranges for good luck& prosperity.
We are afraid that the inborn politeness of American men has spoiled some of our ladies. (1850)
first d-3 school to do it I believe. Something in the water at u dub-dub
What's the news today? Breitbart still dead? Limbaugh still a joke? Romney still a curse on the GOP? Yes? Then I can go back to sleep.
Food for thought for these starving minds.
Today #AcctCongress lunch "Core Work of the Community College: Advancing Equity & Opportunity. "Speaker is Anthony S.Bryk, Carnegie Fndtn
lls, night life.
I don't have any friends that are upset by Obama's remarks. In fact, everyone is celebrating.
Eyes are dry. Lids are tired. Neck is curved upward.
Clearly I remember picking on the boy seemed a harmless little fuck
I can't sleep.
If you're wondering what SOPA is, go check wikipedia.... Tomorrow
Like free music? The Piano Showcase featuring Stritch Piano Performance majors is at 7 p.m. tonight in the Nancy Kendall Theater. It's free!
HAHAHA. I went to bed at midnight but I definitely had a proper jam sesh to GA songs before... :D
won't lose me....you are right!
haha that is pure genius. What color is a Wall Street powerbroker?
Thanks to you as well, good suh.
Looking for Hot & Sexy Boys that aren't afraid to shake their a** (and get paid on top of it!). Go Go Boys! Where you at!? Contact us!
TJ your profile pic is so cutee. And your completely creaming me with the follower contest. Congratz. xD
Ha--at least they won't play "Shout" in the stadium afterwards... :P
our lead guitarist was just asking about you. I think he's got a crush. We dig it.
A chandelier is just a big fucking light.
This summer isn't gonna be shit compared to last summer..
Interesting, but I'm not sure if you mean the book's quotes are meant to be aimed at me or others :-)
trade ya Waukesha for Kentucky:) 14 degrees here.
Hey west town - your dealer's deliver! Just saw the whole thing on Chi & Elizabeth. Take it easy on Tony's heat & cool - he's high as hell.
Excited to hear Bob Negen of WhizBang! Speak today at the Washington Retail Roundtable!
Be glad: delayed answers are gaining interest.
A: Ben Isaacson "build privacy controls into your product and respect your user"
every single person.
I swear to God if my mom asks me how to send a message on fb ONE more time I'm kicking her out of the house
Agreed on both counts! I'm doing it for SURE next year. His shop is in Pennsylvania. #roadtrip !
Again, we'd like to thank the #veterans here at home and overseas who dedicate themselves to protecting our country and our freedom
I wasn't gonna drink 4 a month after CIAAs until I realized I am 1/4 Irish & this wknd is the 1 wknd a year I get a pass!
Dinner time a Social House in Las Vegas City Center.
: RT Phase two is complete. Brunette power - welcome in our club!
Transcribing in the library today and it's much more quiet than normal. Bliss!
Check us out in richmond this saturday
when will you be in San Antonio
These days i live a square life....its way too many snitches in these streets...no loyalty whatsoever.
Screen-writing class with the amazing Peter and Ceci Russell today! I love these guys!
I have to go to my parents to eat dinner now then back to work yum
take a walk.
youre my type of lady.they must love you where ever you go do you like italians
i cant find the video of you guys on the today show=(
New Music - ;0)
im sorry. :/ text me right now. & ill text you back.
that would be hilarious I would never stop watching Disney if they did
Hey everyone thanks for being so patient with us big things coming up stay tuned !!!
no your dicks to big i dont want that in my vagina<------funniest shit i heard today xD
hate you asshole
wicked tired peace out twitter scouts! :)
Checking in for the 4th year in a row @ Starzyk's New Years Eve party..this live year Blues under the stars....Magical! Happy 2012 y'all!
hey ya'll, sock it to me, glad to be following you
There will be cuddling.
Glad to hear it!
please follow me cause i will #NSN! and there will only ever be #Onetime when you follow me and today could be it x 25
Thanks for the info! The rights issues are what always throw a wrench in my plans to upload content to WP, too.
I love my job. I get to listen to music and figure out how to market it online.
But anyway, I've been listening to a lot of Joe Pug lately. It's pretty good you guys.
Well Floyd might as well retire if he isn't gonna fight Pac.
just amazing last night on #MTV ♥
Reality: I tried to fill this hole in my heart with things and people that I already knew wouldn't fit
Are there young heroes in your life, making a difference in their communities? Help recognize them - !
Neal before zod
Kudos on the #sbbd book launch Peter! Don't forget about 's signed copy from #SMBAustin! :)
I always wanta fanta! Thanks
my friend has his number .
off to lambeau
expresso makes me hyperventilate.
am i drunk? how did she move like that during vogue?
Last day for FREE shipping!
When complaining to my stone fabricator today about ugly granite he told me "every stone has a place" He loves his job, so endearing
happy early birthday!? 
I'm answering you now xD
girl that show was aggravating! The lakers getting whipped lol
Here we go boys, I'm getting my BROOM for this sweep that's about to happen!
Regular naps prevent old age..... especially if you take them while driving.
thats good. ur back. james hip. me sick. we're just a mess. lol
“: Being in love doesn't mean u have to be together and being together doesn't mean you're really in love”
I had a friend once blurt out Vagina when she used expensive film for a not so worthy of that film pic. You two rock! lol
If Macho weren't so cute he'd be sleeping outside right now.
A little hahaha :p
Nothing on TV tonight. Use 's House stream.
going out #nomoreloserstatuses!
Getting my workout on at barre3 in Georgetown to then realize Mrs. Jill Biden herself is two mats over...
u told rickey dn't come for me HA!!
And you best believe I'm watching "All That" right now
I remembered she promised once now she say I can't promise u......... do girls really forget what they say that fast
no dnt go without me ^.^
First game of the night at and I won 1000 tickets!
Now a real possibility of Phoenix & New Jersey meeting in the Stanley Cup....... If no one watched, did it ever happen?
Never. Unless you're an alcoholic.
The whole world might not know, but they don't really with technology either. Her family or friends might know her story without digital
"Fascination ends..."
thanaks for the follow
at this point there is no pleasing everyone but something is better than nothing
I've been imitated so well I've heard people copy my mistakes. - Jimi Hendrix
great food, even though we were the only folks there
Dean Barbara Rimer at UNC Gillings School of Public emphasized the importance of translational research in moving from efficacy to equity.
About to sleep my day away,,, its needed,,,
Luke 10/'7 Minutes of Authentic Prayer" -
": The greatest thing you can do for yourself is deposit into your day every morning when wake speak life!"
Donna Summers and really look alike!
A2 Use scorecards. How can you identify cause-&-effect metrics?
Just when things are lookin shitty they get good, when theyre good they gget shitty. This is why i smoke wed
when will they learn? Dont slide head first!
:The US used to be very good are talking with people in older, traditional diplomacy.
maybe they feel bad for you knowing what steroids does to your man parts you dumb ass": Bunch of retarded girls think I...
#NoLie I looked high in my last twitcon .
I've got sunshine, on a cloudy day
Thinking u are probably right!
RT : "I'm a beast, you a pet" lmao- aka long neck Keith sweat haha
Ugh i fucken hate world geo or history, its so boring! -_- my worst subject!!
Send a text...who wants to go for fondue? *crickets* sushi? *crickets* hooters? 4 "I'm in" Again, I need more chick friends.
Please tell a friend about us! We're so close to 2k Facebook likes!
Just heard a string quartet version of "Such Great Heights" at a cafe and I hereby revoke every nice thing I've said about New York
She doesn't speak Spanish.
Thank you! :)<3
- I am following - please send me any addresses where you see my signs............. Clark
i may have to try that myself
chirp..chirp..chirp
And when the radical priest come to get me released, we was all on the cover of Newsweek. (Sticks and Bones?)
Speak softly and carry a big ass machete.
Hello. This is my 1st time in the forum. Glad to participate. -George, TSR writer
next step? a part time job to make sure I keep everything on track....lets not forget how much in love I am with you all
My Friends Dog Is Throwing Up Blood :'( Im Prayingg For Her Dog To Get Better
you probably gon go to sleep soon as u get here anyway
That was it?
Morning gym workout.
Not really wbu ?
My favorite is all the pro-Amendment 1 folks saying "I didn't WANT to be a bigot, I'm just following orders here."
New Moon by Stephenie Meyer: Girl Loses Vampire...☻
I can't wait to shoot our first music video tomorrow!
Congrats! I imagine that will be attending. :) I wish you much happiness!
theres a tear in our goldenwing!
oh yeah ! , (: lol only one more year for moi , when i start my junior year
#SPEEDF1 Monaco 1996, Panis wins in a wild race in the rain
not really im still bruised real bad but im glad i can still talk to u
hey tweets, Back in effect.............. Christmas was great... anticipating New Years!!!
Surely. I'm in Fiesole. I'll be sure to at least get some gelato and pass along your warm greetings.:)
GOOD LUCK ASIA. YOU GOT THIS.
Easter cards in the mail may arrive with Christmas and Valentine's day cards
$19.00 off Full Highlights with Melody today only!!! Happy April 19th!
The sloppiness of the paperwork reflects the rottenness of the whole process.
No no, I get it. You can ignore me, but if I ignore you its a big deal..
Watching Top Shot with Viggle Tue | 10PM | History Get real rewards just for watching TV.
yea might do that ya meen
Book your Video shoot at;
Acupuncture has an auto-regulatory effect on many of the body's systems. It balances the nervous system, and calms the emotions and the mind
I love u! Been awesome to me!
We should play sometime :D
There is NOTHING quite like a good shave after a week. Accompanied of course by the other S's.
And yes im going to keep tweeting about #TrayvonMartin UNTIL ZIMMERMAN IS BEHIND BARS!!!!!!
Starting today we have select items on sale up to 70% off! Stop by and check it out!
and when studs be more fitted than guys that's a Shame
I not into my feelings. I just excited about arts and crafts with my nose
If you had to kick one social media platform to the curb, which would you toss? FourSquare, Facebook or Twitter?
Happy 2012! Make 2012 a great year! Go after your dreams, make the world a better place to live....
true although the more recent record building apps on Twitter, facebook, and iOS is decidedly mixed. Why do you think?
Im so high I just wanna touch the sky!!!!!!!!!!
I just watched a video that's probably going to haunt me for awhile. I don't even know what I watched, very disturbing.
I do that at 12:34
I vote for peanut butter banana!
For some reason, I can hear my mother saying "If asked you to jump off a bridge, would you do it?" Heh.
That Brett guy? RT : Light is considered retired until he declares otherwise. Doesnt take much as I've found out a couple times.
Netflix aint working during the flight :(
how did you felt by being in the stage of ABDC again? follow me,please? :))
Love me some Zak Bagans! Can't wait for new Ghost Adventures tomorrow night!
i can take the car
I like his paintings better. A friend did an u-grad thesis on his novels--that makes two people I know!
uh great guy?
What a decidedly odd week. It's also day 5 without dessert. Can't wait to fit into those business shorts.
"Our winner-take-all political system creates a natural two-party duopoly." - gets (amusingly) wry for
Too mad i stepped in some dogshit -_____-
Natural stone requires periodic proper maintenance by trained professionals.
of course! Matt was wondering why I wanted to take him to dinner this weekend...because I'm HAPPY!
#FF Interesting Follows
Watching the Ga Tech / Virginia game with friends. Go Ga Tech!
Please send me a 🔫to shoot the TBT ppl and a 💣 to blow up their phones and photo albums! If ur gonna OD on TBT choose 1 Thursday a month!
Just woke up to the best dream: Dreamnt I met Van Hansis(Luke Snyder #ATWT)and he was soo nice,Even in the dream came me his perosnal cell #
made me a happy camper today
glad you like it, thanks for your feedback
november please be kind and ever so sweet.
I'm so excited! You know where I'll be tomorrow! #RobertDowneyJr GET IN MY PANTS!
Afro Man Kids Space Trivia Quiz: What is a world's strongest metal?
shower time :p
thanks can u follow me cuz i have a new icon
GO PILOTS! I think he needs more enthusiasm when announcing the games... =D Good season coming up!
he kept him up outta respect
thanks for shout out to Check out & guested We heart !
yes its is.
Super moon tonight and happy Cinco de Mayo!
bitch at this party checking her numbers on mega million
Goodnight♥♥ Sleep with a huge smile on my face.
“: Capturing photographs of lightning must be an art form in itself.” they leave it on auto bro haha
WE HAVE ANOTHER WINNER: YUP- JOHN STARKS
What would you do if you seen someone getting bullied?
#NewiCarlyTonight !! Remember To Tune In! Tonights Episode Is Called "iPear Store" !!
Good Morning 😁
I love daylight savings time. Not a morning person so perfect. And will give me an extra hour to shop
Do you think you do research everyday? On what topics? Work or personal?
LIVING LIFE TO ITS FULLEST often means fully enjoying what you have been given and not fully getting what you want...
what about the running back sitiuation?
#clang #clang #clang RT that's okay.
Umm girls & gay dudes! haha RT Who's watching Dance Scene? .
Ok, now I love it! #ByeJacoby #HelloSpeed : I like the Martin pick. Speed, explosiveness. Return man. Jacoby is toast #texans”
If I was married to one of those women on Mob Wives, I would definitely want to be put away for life.
remember me?
After that run today my legs are hurting. Feeling the burn!
feeling very happy today!!! :)
Great ideas are like beards: Men do not have them until they grow up...
aww im sorry , how was it?
Can u follow me?
Thanks! And I will keep that topic you suggested in mind...I need to learn more about it myself before blogging about it. :-)
are you here in Seattle?
so that's the secret?!?
Love the TV and multi-media though. More a lair than a living room. Which is kind of awesome.
sitting beside . This girl is kinda crazy :p
watching Never Say Never!!!!! #WhatElseIsNew <3
perhaps =] A few of those names are hard to say no to!
This made me want to weep. Your words painted the most beautiful picture. I LOVE reading what you write, Lis. God is glorified.
I'm such a hot mess with you..
yes I would
HAPPY ST. PATRICKS DAY! :D
RT : Just in case you didn't know, that green light means go, not wait there 10 more seconds. // Amen Sista!
I really don't depend on people like that cause I always get hoed.
The cards don't really deserve to win the game at this point. But it's sure fun to watch then keep fighting anyway
High schooler walking down the sidewalk holding a pair of crutches, what are those for?
My wine goblet I drink my juices out if is cracked! Granted, I bought it at the dollar store, but still...
I'm not sure.
Heading to bed. Just have to make it through the day tomorrow then I get cuddle time with my amazing boyfriend. <3
Tweeting from my new iPad2 - not that I couldn't from my desktop or phone...
Awesome! You'll be pleasantly surprised! RT ": - No, I'll have to check that out. "
My stupid brother won't leave me alone! -____- UGGH
"People who date just off of looks are destined for an early ending" I was on 's formspring and I just had to quote it :3
Interesting to see Walmart's Mexico issues raise awareness of FCPA. Wonder how aggressive will be with fines. I expect >$500M
If you’re following me on Twitter and ever retweeted or me – Thank YOU! You rock!!
started my training for the San Fran 1/2 marathon today with a 4 mile run. a glorious LA day. How are you enjoying your weekend?
service available 24 hours a day, seven days a week for all of your emergency locksmith needs. We can open just about anything you can lock.
#40 Bro, there is no such thing as "nothing" and without love we are nothing, get it? 1 Corinthians 13:2
Cannabis Crest - Cool new cannabis crest design
Kim I called the phone number you gave me and left the 4 numbers on his answering machine. Love ya. Say Hi to John for me.
Better a witty fool than a foolish wit.
“Love is a desire for & adelight in the well being of the one loved;leading 2active&aselfsacrificingeffortoftheir behalf.”-Russell Champlin
i cant believe darth vader is the avengers father.
has the best tweets on twitter. Period
Did you know that #Scharcares is the mantra of and that they've been committed to the #GF community for more than 30 yrs?
Art of Lyricism to be program at West Caldwell library - New Jersey Hills
U.S. Stocks accelerated their selloff in the final hour of trading Friday to close at session lows as ongoing signs of weakness overseas.
This sounds a lot like Houston...
The Red Hat Society has forever ruined the red/purple color combination for me... Not even Elizabeth Taylor as Cleopatra can save it now.
Played "Now That We Found Love" on the jukebox and nobody seems to notice besides our little corner.
RT :#sschat And read kids books to look for hidden messages on gender <- Paper Bag Princess is great for this! & William's Doll
For the first time EVER i will not be the token Jew @ the company holiday party.
Get your gold, jewelry, coins or small antiques appraised-come by the Lake Houston Area Home and Garden Show- 2/19-2/20 www.lhaevents.com
If I got hit on by a Bill Clinton lookalike I would wear that as a badge of honor.... wait, what?
“: I still think Morris Claiborne will the the #Vikings' pick at No. 4.” And THAT is why I said u sound silly!
hi there. Im good. Just on FB and seein whats up
8 more days of school! (: Can't wait for this summer!
A majority of Facebook users fall into the 18 to 25 and 26 to 34 age groups followed by the 13 to 17 and 35 to 44 age groups.
hey you!! Think I saw you at the mall the other day. Would love to catch up sometime soon! :)
ive been busy and havent had time to think of a come back, but this is not over
On a New York subway you get fined for spitting, but you can throw up for nothing. – Lewis Grizzard
Thank you for following!
Such weird dreams....
this clip just made my day. Kharma does it exist - thanks for spreading the good the kharma.
Oh the irony! Overhearing vendors mock librarians on the exhibit floor. No problem biting the hand that feeds, I see.
ha! Thought the same at Qdoba
(the Underground Library is secret host to Mysterious Listening - this Saturday. Home Sweet Home bar. 6pm-8pm. Spread the Secret...)
Imma try that lil phone kiosk in the mall and see what they say.
well, I guess I'm going to defrost my windows and heat up the van
beat wishes to you on your death date dear sir. 82 years. Seems like yesterday.
You're getting the same screen from your desktop computer? Do u see a link to "Explore" in the top left? Can u send a screenshot?
Spain announces ?27B in budget cuts
Dez Young Niccaz R PETRIFIED 2 Throw Punches. Dey Only Wanna Throw Bullets.
I wouldn't mind getting up at six if it didn't come so bloody early.
if they do a third, all networks will.
We feel like we r at MKEs version of the Oscars
hey just chillin at home on this rainy afternoon
which teachers?
You should follow me!
wonderful! Congrats!!
Nothing better then excitement towards a new project!
All done with court today.
"If the people remain right, your public men can never betray you .. your ambitious leaders will be reduced to the position of servants."
I was your cure, you were my disease, I was saving you, you were killing me.
Why does twitter think I would want to follow Skrillex...?
"support" means i get human intervention to personally assist me in solving my problem.
My dad loves swatting flies with his electric fly swatter! Lol
Everything before Wknd Update was good, Biden/Bush wasnt an exaggeration either. Wknd update & everything after was brutal
We suffer because our innate values have gone awry
Our latest display is about computer crime and computer forensics. Can anybody say "steganography"?
finally going to see the NYC protests today. will report back with observations.
Was waiting for the day made it on #thesoup !
Urging you to support Council Member Koretz's medical marijuana ordinance. It's time to figure it out without a ban.
when did I call u a bitch
“: retweet for a shout-out!😘” RT
Procrastination is like masterbation in the end your just screwing yourself :O
did you read 50 shades of grey? I know it's all the range and I'm now in book 3. It's addictive like your books.
Like its our fault Ccp is on some hoe shit.
your car is the envy of all of us that have to rent one every time we have more than two errands to run in one day.
Sidenote: My daughter is cuter, smarter and funnier than any little girl I've ever known.
I love snail mail too!
This newest war on the poor is bigger than I've ever seen.
I'm bored...but I don't want to go to sleep yet!! Lol
they ain't got nothing on you
Just went for a GREAT run! Now it's time to cook dinner and watch today's races!
WOW--you knew I was getting married!! How I wish I could click my heels and have you appear, DJ J-Flex.
Will be serving between 6th and 7th on Walnut.
This song is my life right now.
holla at me fam ur niece in canada told me u lolkin for new talent hit me back I got u ima R&B singer songwriter lookin for work
i have to get pastry shoes if i wanna meet cody :(
lol I know huh
Make sure your bags don't have any straps or hooks sticking out that could get caught on something and damage your bag.
#tedxuchicago I am looking for geography, sociology, anthropology students to collaborate w/ my classes on a neighborhood project next year
I just want everything to be ok.
hello avril how are u?
The Expendables 2 Releases Awesome Posters - WebProNews
Giddy Up! It's is Double Points Wednesday 8-11 and Golden Girls, Designing Women and Will and Grace on the Big Screen!! Giddy UP!
Yes everyone please go follow jose canseco its glorious
It's time
"What makes one breath more precious then another... All life is sacred...How you use your breath is up to you" -Peter Aslop
eating your lunch at your desk is a mixture of personal and business ... Like your twitter
Every wise teacher n history practiced the same principles but worked a different equation (argumentation) to produce a solution for his day
working in the lab it's hard work
Add our Google+ Page to your circles to follow IMPAQT news and Search tips and insights!...
He hasnt txt back so i will go to sleep
": ": Heat upset maybe??" Nope brons yr !!"..they said that last year..and the year before that.
Did Baylor steal these uniforms from Oregon? Hurting my eyes
False row h seat 11
make sure you drop box those pictures church
Love your gear. Awesome designs.
Beers tonight anyone?
ive never felt this way before
Criticism of Tiger Woods 'just out of hand' Just because Tiger Woods usually lets his game do his talking for him, doesn't mean people ca
The Darlins will be at Burt's on Dec 5th!! Yay! Good things are coming! :)
I stand corrected! I need a Twitter Proofer! HA
Scanner Monitor: A few more issues at I-70 and I-225. Calls for a 4x4 to help stuck vehicle.
That was a little crazy! Just lost the power at the house for a few hours! That hasn't happened in forever! Need 2 invest in more candles!
What's number one?
how are you lost. she lives like 3 minutes away
sounds yummy #wantsome RT : Making a cheesecake w/ a lemon-ginger crust ...going to top w/ raspberries & blueberries ..
I cooked da hell outta those egg rollz. Fuckin round wit me you'll be done joined Da Fat Kid Mafia!
I dont understand how I wake up so early after only getting 2-3 hours of sleep each night
time to put house music on blast...what a great excuse for uncoordinated people to try dancing...sad-
We're compiling a book for the Sept. 11 anniversary. Proceeds go to charity. to "What were you doing on Sept. 11?"
Since I can't sleep, I'll just write some new songs. #Focused on the goal.
zomg! Me too!! Obsessed.
Remember, until you make peace with who you are, you will never be happy with what you have
Not being able to lay on one side because my cartilage hurts. <<<
absolutely! the only thing you outgrow as an adult is being able to fit on those horsey rides outside of KMart.
I'm about to DM u my number.
alot of people have been telling me that
Hunger games is literally the best movie I've ever seen in my life. Better than Harry potter.
I'm sorry. Don't mean to hate on DD. Finals week has got me stressed to the max. Turning me into a crabby baby.
Looking forward to #INTERSECTIONSDC in the coming weeks!
yes i did! I never got a reply back.
Thanks much!
All of a fucking sudden ravers wanna be hitting up Rock The Bells this year... Gtfo
IT'S SO CUTE OMG HIS FACE I QUIT
RT no better way to start my Sunday than a prickly pear margarita and Dos Caminos Rancheros! Thanks guys!!
MAD SHOUTS 2 DOBSON HIGH NWC RIDING WE YALL MAY 21st GOOD TIMES 2 B HAD BY ALL CUM OUT & REALIZE & RECONIZE R YOUTH . 1 Page Themes Page T
Studying in the library for the first time! 3 Midterms tomorrow & I have to concentrate
The "Heat" fans from Boston crew got chased up off twitter like the Radamans did Omar Epps and them....
At the oncologist to find out result of my MRI from last week
omg! you wanna fight huh dont make me call youre bf johnny an get your ass in trouble!
what about the app store ?
I should follow more people :) (:
love it Leora
The kill put me on my pockets last night
ok so my phone hasn't been sending my tweets... That sucks... oh well.. day is almost over... so is my birthday...
What do you think I am, my former self's pimp?
Coming up on Sunrise, calling hours for Capt. Bruce Clark will be held today and a RPD Sgt. shot while on duty returns to work.
I compare teacher observations to standardized testing, it is a snapshot in time, not a measure to show true growth over time
Now I never thought that I could take it higher... Until I reached the point of no return! Hehe I'm sure you know who said that ;P
Great sleeping weather it's raining it ABQ and the breeze is so cool.
It's all shit and giggles until your the one being laughed at
hope one of the hottest women in canada is having a great day
Your statuses get liked because your body is lusted after.
Cannabis is a hot topic!
note to self...when you have a streaming head cold, dont paint your nails, coz when you sneeze...there is a difficult choice to be made.
HOPE EVERYTHING IS OK BIG BRO...
Outdoor, please
ok dope! About to check it out now
Just added playmate to the list...
A NO HITTER FOR JERED WEAVER!!!!
M! Have you ever tried cherry limeade pie? Key lime pie with cherries and whipped cream on top. SO.GOOD.
Where your focus goes, energy flows.
Y'all are going to see a lot of me during the summer.
Having wine
I just voted for #DAF11_SVeenhof at the Dumbo Arts Fest for the ATT Audience Award.
We took the last 2 weeks off to scour the west coast for pieces from our favorite 1960's American manufacturers: www.midcenturymobler.com
Heather Mizeur: look at all these beautiful faces! Elected to exec committee of DNC. Sponsored resolution. "We are your base. #noKXL !"
It might have been worth a try.
Hospital Worker Caught Having Sex with Drunk & Unconscious Patient -
Live roller derby, this Saturday!!! Do you have your ticket yet? rocderby.com!
African Proverb Tell me who your friends are, so I can tell you who you are.
I love Anne, Jay, Karen, Maura and Patricia. RT if you do, too. <3
have fun Blaise! You'll be missed around here. See you in a few months!!
Lol baby wade! RT : said he bout to go D-wade.....let's see what he does lol
Lol get on Animal Jam
How far the #Aztecs have come. Usually heading to Vegas worrying about Bubble Teams...This year #SDSU is fighting for a #2 Seed. Awesome!
AUDJPY 38fib didn't hold. Risk just took a dump.
wheres Grace Jones ?
Was there even ANY contact? Far less than Ray Rice/Gary Brackett last week.
I LIKE YOUR
NAEA Museum Ed Div embarks on the creation of a national research agenda to articulate the value of art museums for learning.
Congrats! Jefferson District Champions! Boys Basketball.
you got it!
wow; that's quite haunting
Sure, as long as it's short. Focus on the assignment at hand & don't get distracted.
#itAnnoysMeWhen People kiss my ass. Like bitch, I know you're talking shit on me behind my back. GTFO.
Virginia Elite putting in a lot of work this summer very proud of the direction of the program
it's a treat, from what I hear. But I think you need to be in San Fran.
I really want to talk to someone ):
#JustRemember are THE BEST. i love them all
HAHAHAHAHAHA I KNOW WHAT THIS IS ABOUT.
Thank you. Much appreciated.
Ooh, great suggestions! I've heard a lot about Trespass, too. Checking sample now, thanks!
my boyfriend should marry me cause' that'd be super rad.
Stop agonizing over your next writing assignment! Come to the experts! Your Thoughts, LLC!
Toni Carbo, from the audience: we teach privacy at Pitt iSchool; students have to read & analyze #privacy policies
that's freaking sweet looking!
That shit is brilliant
Second half, let's go!
stole the show
are you serious? You're not done yet?
Not all #sxsw tweets are created equal. Thanks for good editing and interesting tidbits.
Have you ever wondered how to determine when it's time for new brakes, tires, hoses, plugs. . .?
Ruth and I biked up to the Botanic Gardens today. I was a beautiful day for a ride in Chicago and we thought of you frequently.
yeah but even those songs have a completely different vibe from their earlier stuff, nothing like For those who have heart
We feel free when we escape - even if it be but from the frying pan to the fire. --Eric Hoffer
I go #running during my lunch. RT : Anyone who works in an office - how do you get activity throughout the day?
I really dont like Jim Schwarts. What a turd.
The stress of the hurt leaves you RT : How do you know when you have achieved #forgiveness?
at least procrastination for another hour or so. You have a lot to learn before you get to college.
From ~ and i wish all our military families a safe easter wknd both home & abroad. in our thoughts, prayers
finna go hoop
Saturday - sleep in late. Not happening this sat. may next sat.
getting ready for wedding rehearsal in sl
i gave up one weeks deed!!!
What makes you beautiful - Boyce Avenue cover >>>>
The fastweather APP on my phone says the storm will likely END in a few hours, followed by HOT weather.
yea!! LUV Betty! “: Hello Twitter! And they said it would never happen. Oh wait, that was me.”
Pages; mission control for your business on Facebook
reat timing now... Cuz im getting sleepy af! But how can I sleep to dubb... If all I wanna do is stay up more and jamm tha fuck out haha ...
Id rather b at the #metgala.. #What #Cloe'callme
I think tanking is way worse than what Lawrie did.
pocket frog ate my week
"...don't screw it up, Nathan." *Nathan proceeds to screw it up*
love your texts
A confused mind always procrastinates! via
If this is true, I wish the best. Great, Great Packer! Wish he could suit up for the 2012 season.
Canola. Done.
....is on house arrest....ugh! Relationships...
she is ok. thanks ..doing much better since the orange are playing ball now.
First day of our awesome new Ballet Fit class! Come show our new instructor some support 6pm.
“: Hey ! More like Pey-DONE Manning, am I right?” Did he get the boot?!?
My sunroof would break today
clearly, not a sports guy
The school district is waiting for a report from the LAO -- the legislative analyst -- on whether midyear cuts are likely.
A kid-friendly twist on Brazo de Mercedes
send me them pictures form the show girl!
thanks for the shout out. :-)
NBA fines Gearon (called Garnett dirty) more than Ivan Johnson (flipped off a fan). And here I thought KG took pride in his dirtiness.
nobody on OKC got a chance of guarding Mamba. Or Bynum. Or Gasol. So it's gonna balance out lol
oh you wear kneehigh socks? Rec league softball must be your thing.
Hudson Valley, here I come! Hooray!!!!
Splinter sends a hearty hello. I'll head over to Oakland when you guys play them in April....
Big Congratulations!!!!!
created cc videos to explain various Greek battles, turned out great & kids enjoyed. Critical thinking very evident.
Greensboro, NC... I'm sure you've been here before... :)
Omg this day
I once had to judge a tighty-whitey contest for Lambda Kappa Pi. Trust me, I can handle anything.
HR to Lukas Foss on Fri at 6 in NYC in 1980's when I was BPO Choirmaster: “Why r u running?” Answer: “Rehearsal in Pittsburgh at 8” (!)
HAPPY BIRTHDAY , you're an awesome dude thanks for the chat yesterday...you and Jesse were really funny!
No, I probably should. I figured out it's allergies. But I'm having chest pains and earaches. It sucks.
thats how i feel about it lol
okay at first I was like :o!
Up late watching "A Rage In Harlem" on Blu Ray...one of my fav movies.
Gift Idea Shoppe is giving a prettyNpink bracelet away: Recognize someone that has had cancer by sharing @ www.facebook.com/giftideashoppe
follow back?:D
Doesn't that go without saying? #rookiemistake ;-) re: Know the Network before submitting your material. Pitching 101
When he makes refried beans, he only has to fry them once
Morning! Hope you guys enjoyed your weekend.
We're focused on meeting the needs of legal firms & knowledgeable in all Rules of civil procedures to accommodate your needs! 877-527-5737
Did you know Global Elements sells FB marketing packages?We help small businesses get on FB and find their customers.
Bet!!! Trying get some for CIAA
Ryan Longwell cut by #Vikings. Team could have spent his $3.5 bonus on a new stadium...or at least bribing a few MN politicians.
Where the eff is is he alive? Oh snap let me txt him.... Haha! i need to get on twitter more
Remember: downtime is just as important as doing the work. Don't be afraid of recharge mode - it's usually passive, and it's good for you!
If you woke up breathing, congratulations! You have another chance!
Hello libchatters! I'm Antonio, a Reference Librarian at a Medical Library in NYC.
Eating Your Way Through Finals | Kosher Recipes – Joy of Kosher ...
one more month until the album really looking forward to the album it's been a while since I've heard some good old Juggy D.
I got dibble on. Harry 💜 😍
you don't have to thank me honey
in our seats and ready to rock
thanks! all i had to do was turn around & look out my office window!
aw That sucks, why do summer class? Are u behind on your studies? I'm okay, busy, no social life at all. :)
The Blast has 15 minutes to get back on top.
team sean matthew fredella! cmon kid beat that damn cancer for the 4th TIME! ur only 11 u got a whole life to live RT if u support him
"We'd love it if you came to stay with us during summer break." (or summer vacation)?
tell him me and him are over
Please welcome pAmsLoVe to the Max life
well I've been in the same boat as you, so just go for it(:
y'all are too kind :)
It's memory lane Monday #DBUalum! Tell us about your favorite Winter Break during your college years!
Throw a Holiday Fabulous Party With Jeannie Mai It 's time to ring in the holidays —fabulously, of course! How Do I Look 's Jeannie Mai
thanks for the love !! See you in a couple of weeks!
Yes! Travel crazy the next few weeks. Maybe cafe trip the week of 5/14?
Calling it a night early
Since I am STILL trying to get over my ex ugh
Thank You God For Blessing Me With Another Day Of Life!!
We're loving the weather as well!
Yes they will!
I love females that have a sense of humor. Serious moments are ok but sense of humor is the key !
Seriously NO one has said Narry yet!! I keep getting Niams!
If you don't understand the way I feel by now there's a good chance you never will. And I won't wait around for you to catch up.
Happy birthday to this little cutie named Liban 😘
It's beautiful!! I love the organic yet controlled design.
thanks for the RT!!
looks great! thanks for the pic!
guide me in your truth and teach me, for you are God my Savior, and my hope is in you all day long. Psalm 25:5
Q4: Clean work-station (canning "mise en place"). Order & rhythm of the process better than any equipment.
Guys. I can't breathe right now. Oh dear Jesus, lord above. Phillip Philips, father my children?
#Arsenal play AC Milan today and Vintage Reggae Winter Fest on Sunday...what a wonderful week
its still in the books for me brother, we'll be okay.
I can't download it! Won't let me find it in appworld... you do it for me? ha
Considerations that need to made are how to tackle the massive amounts of information being produced online today
Is there any documentation / tuts on using less 4 with compass? I'm new to sass & scss. Not sure the "read me" on git is enough
RT : PRECIOUS METALS: Gold Snaps Losing Streak; Rises 6.3% In 1Q - We BUY
I feel you next semester you will b doin what u love to do...
*blush* I'm sure we'd be fast friends.
Lamborghini mercy, your chick she so thirsty.
Hey there! Half-mast is over sea; half-staff is over land.
sowwey about all the RT's :c
what case do you have on your iPad?
“ great minds discuss ideas; average minds discuss events; small minds discuss people”
you're awesome :)
shitty! I dropped mine in the toilet a month ago. I will say if you replace it, go to the apple store. It's about $200
Baking with shortening really grosses me out. M... Trans fats...
If you have not checked out album chasing the reds then you really need 2 click on itunes store & own "Skyscrapers" NYCsteez
kiss me, i'm indian?
Great weekend. Shame to see it go.
Brandi, thanks so VERY much for the RETWEET! All best to you in your book ministry.
Going to get my glasssesss. (:
I'm at Adobo this Friday night come and enjoy music on their patio with friends and cold beverages
i think i have a feeling i know what you got in mind....... haha
Do I even exist?
TRAFFIC ALERT - President Obama to speak at Washington Lee High School Arlington, VA around noon tomorrow
loll I'm having fun (:
Now hiring promoters for Miami's hottest venues DM me for details!
are there good "tools" (be they languages or environments) out there for which the bar is some investment, not the wild west in bits?
RT : Are the Lakers already in serious trouble in this series? <-- Yep. With no opportunity for rest either. This trouble is BIG.
the Cap Hill location is around the corner from my office, and some of their classes sound fun...considering it!
Thanks for sharing, Dee!
we need to develop our url and then grab him RT : any luck getting Paul Lee/Lightbank to hear your pitch?
haha yep! I most certainly do! Love is a crazy thing isint it?
Ok, so I'm pretty happy #imtalkingaboutyou #evenwiththis10pagepaper :)
Sending love to our great sponsors over - love you guys!
Come people support me plz by following me
brainstorming logo design for L-3's new hottest practice
Great point from ! “We need to stop interrupting what people're interested in & start BEING what people're interested in”
Well good luck then.
Way to whip Lalonde's ass!!!
Persistence+Initiative+Extracurriculars+Scores+Internship+Community Service+Leadership Activities+Courses+Essay+Interview =Top University
Thank you!
Thanks for following. The album is available on iTunes!
Oh my dee! JC.
Thinking about changing things up and not worried about the consequence.
Welcome as our newest official bar reviewer. should buy him a beer since he's there right now!
Life is a great big canvas, and you should throw all the paint on it you can. ~ Danny Kaye
- Thanks, much appreciated! We hope to keep rockin!
I just want to be held at night.
Just tossing up ideas..but I wouldn't be totally shocked if Semin made his way to Colorado
I'm glad that the Brewers broke that losing streak. Now to keep that momentum going.
#IWantToBe next n rotation!!
This is my first tweet
Going Out Of Town Friday
will make my fans proud no doubt
meet out???
is it possible to use other shapes?
Everyone has the opportunity to health care just not a right to have your neighbor pay for it - go to work!
Why soo angry?! You just need to be on that #followbackswag!!! #Justsmile!! :)
Thank you. Hope your weekend is off to a fabulous start!
I just completely smashed in my kitchen
RT: When will this country be ready for an Amish president?
Rest In Peace MCA... You will always be remembered and loved for your talents and good will.
I hate reminding employees the importance of filling out self-appraisals...and hate filling out my own! I always procrastinate!
Beyond. Rhythm section so tight you can beat match quantized music to it.
Yo my face be looking HIT after practice! I'm so glad I get a ride home smh
I feel so naive. hee hee.
I think whether it is wrong or right depends on each individuals point of view. A cop who is really stern could say that it is
20011 will be a better year for subcontractors who use basic internet marketing as a tool to generate leads that turn into projects!
Three days after getting a car wash, I need another one. Fuck you angry birds.
Ever spend an hour just talking about porn? I have. Be jealous of my intellect.
“: TEN DAYS” that's the countdown to Alabama Shakes/Jack White
Magnum ice cream though?-.-
Who's going to the paradise fears show june 2nd? THIS GIRL
follow back please? :) you're pretty.
There is no writing. Only re-writing.
Last time around the toffee fan message boards were crushing and US soccer. Now they are celebrating
One of my kids always got in the laundry basket after my wife emptied the dryer. Picture still makes me smile 25 years later.
Everything happens for a reason
Did eat u said u wasn't gone do no more smh
A couple of days ago it was 60F. This morning is 23F. Apparently nature doesn't understand gradual acclamation.
I'm 100% positive this show is going to rock my world. Can't wait!
Not even thinking about it, I scheduled focus groups on Memorial Day.
Aw, thank you so much! 😊
Some inspiring presentations today kicked offed by Tony Hsieh CEO of Zappos.com, follow post
really? thank you! x
All done filming! Now time to edit!!!
It's a great day to shoot videos over here.
IS NONPROFIT SALARIES SPINNING OUT OF CONTROL?
As a youngster, my biggest dream was to be on the TV show zoom.
Thank beautiful 😘 RT : you guys are too cute :')
I was planning to fall to my knees and pray. She's coming to the June BOA meeting, so we'll have time to compose ourselves.
One of the stunt guys on The Hangover 2 is suing Warner Brothers for a stunt gone bad. I wonder if it has anything to do with the monkey.
Semisonic's "Closing Time" will get that reaction at Borders too.
LOL, go get a haircut then!
than take some rest
hahahahaha bro your too much
I'm not watching. What's happening?
morning sunshine
Hahaha the guy at the red line Jackson stop is playing
They're probably his parents who paid for his university education.
I like where you're going with this, actually coining the term a "Carson Daly"
North Carolina's new slogan: No Clue, No Class, Not Cool.
In need of a photographer to be there at all our events
Pray for Sharde-broke her neck diving for a ball and goes into surgery today
Good Work today Trojans! Fight On!
so glad I could help you!
wow, I'm talking to Devo!
excited to offer lopsided trades and get indignant when they get [rightfully] denied
": I don't matter if i can't sing, whenever and wherever 1D's playing i'm proudly gonna sing."
Chicken on the bone is best eaten with hands.
The Texas Rangers have lost 2 in a row. Yu may all now begin to panick!!!
Thanks for posting this link. #NWP rules!
Call Me Maybe #trending Love the video
its brutal!
My cabbie: rain grows maize, maize makes whiskey....you know that song?!
you ARE real! I thought u were a bot! 👾 😉
Finding a good weather is like finding a decent girl. It's almost impossible ;-)
#sad came in with one tweet and then left. #IWantHimBackOnline. :D
got my workout on now a snack and then work 2-8 the BEST place to get quality merchandise at below low prices! "
Coolest driver in #Nascar tweeting fans from the track
ah! And I thought I was being so creative (given your bio about books movies & entertainment! - lol!)
You can say that again . . . and again . . and again! Thug Wade is a dirty player. Period. End of story. Nuff said.
more like in my tub xD
RT if you want to win a signed autograph !
reba again huh?
Didn't get any of my homework done... Oh well
Joe Johnson comes through and #Hawks finally overcome the Jazz in the 4th overtime. Wow.
Oh how I love the beach!
We at Minnesota Glory Days want to thank all of you for your support as we launched a new t-shirt company. Have a Merry Christmas!
on the party we had last week the activities and the food and the music was good there was people who made shirts for teen bloc
“: In England a pregnant woman can legally relieve herself anywhere she wants, even, even in a policeman’s helmet.”// LMAO!
"Out Of The Shadows", my new cd was released today digitally. Itunes, Amazon, Spotify, myspace music, zune, Rhapsody and many more. Grab one
RT Just saw District 9 - GREAT. Even greater --met a follower - Mike- (first time) working at the theater -- Hi man!
nothing quite like awkward conversations in line at the grocery store
Insanity so far!
what series?
Both of my kids are a chip off the ol' block. My son made Honor Roll (again) & my daughter did very well2 -(daycare r/c)
Today is a new day~BAMM.
we need pitching on the Mets staff, then again who doesn't?
on to do some followbacks/shoutouts? TWEET US !
Wish I could have gone!
ARE YOUR CHAKRAS OPEN AND STRONG?
It just drives me away and I bet she doesn't even care to keep me now that she has me smh
And a funny one… “(When I first started dating Luke), I didn’t even know there was an award called Mr. Basketball.” -
Finished my 33 1/3 laps today you caught up yet
watching All the Right Moves - and John Locke (Terry O'Quinn) from Lost is one of the college coaches recruiting Tom Cruise - 27 years ago..
no but when they go on sale I Will be at school!!D:
“: What's up with the talk of snow Monday??” ready to bundle up!
Crapy days like this just really make me want summer.
I got my mom an 'i love you' Teddy and she said she loved it(: omg she never says that! :D
Please list the top ten praise and worship....christian or gospel cd's for me....#information -- Koda Turner ()
I am thisclose to destroying every Mass Effect game in this house. This better not be how the whole week goes.
thanks for following me Amber xoxo :-) BH '
Hopefully i get to go see lizard lick on April 29 at the big boys toys in Lynchburg maybe with Hannah and Casey but that's a maybe
Celebrating the ultimate gift in my life...Motherhood <3 Thankful for my AMAZING 3 boys who changed my life for the better <3
too that's great :)) how r u my love ??? Any news? Love u so much!!
Natacha is not helping me! lmfao
It's good to prioritize...
haha me too!
Its too damn hott!!!
It’s sometimes hard to tell the difference between helping yourself, and what the IRS considers “tax protester” actions
the Phillies should make Jim Thome player/hitting coach
Not sure attacking individuals is the way to go here
Agreed. All I'm saying is that there are several guys that are near Harper status but get no attention.
Yes, tomorrow is the 2nd Tues of the month. RT : Just making sure that tomorrow is your free day? Thanks!
Terrific quote. RT "Vision without execution is a hallucination."-Thomas Edison RT
#edshow AWESOME actor, but George NOclueNEY politically.
Nope... I'll ask her tomorrow.
right on
Nope. Sometimes I eat only the frosting and never make the cake #dontjudgeme LOL
bring.it.on!
thank you sir!
my phantom runs on swagg. Fill-up's free, just drop me a line.
hey babes beautiful mother fucker true love god damn gorgeous cumdump hunny bunny
Visit www.passionsbyk.com and see our new December collection. Hope you like it!
here we go
Library friends, who is using Boopsie? Just want to take a look before a phone conversation with a sales rep tomorrow. Thanks!
oh yes plz!!
For Osama bin Laden #inappropriatefuneralsongs Party In The USA !! LOL
Lmaoo it was a thought !! But I do wish I had somethin
i totally just played creeper and found you on twitter.... is that bad? lol smh at myself =P
Off to Emmendingen in Germany in one month to visit the Leistungsschau. Can't wait.
Million Ways To Make This Money, I'm Gon Get It
nothing better than vday with my AMAZING RamStrength. $50,000 raised and rubbing shoulders with coach 'mac' and sonny lubick. i mean really.
I'm thinkin bout it. It would prolly be expensive though. :-/
you make the show ... sing the swedish song!
Thanks so much! Super excited to be representing SF small businesses!
Who cares if you learn how to crawl or walk before running? It's most important to be headed in the right direction to hit your goals!
Let's Go!
Thanks doll!
You are most welcome. Thank you for the follow as well!
Better knock on wood. RT : It still looks like the US will have sub-8% unemployment on Election Day.
1970, 8% of African Americans had a BA degree or higher. Progess has been made with 23% in 2008. Yet more to do! Learn abt your options!
Get lighters ready!
Np:Lloyd Naked
Fish Fingers and Custard!
i know i know i kid :)
MEANWHILE THE RED SOX GAME IS IN THE TOP 13TH. CAN YOU BELIEVE THIS EXPLOSIVE SPORTS NIGHT?!?!?!?!?!?!? SLAP ME IN THE FACE
Best of Luck!
wait... even CC ones?
Plans Friday? Plan to have a cold one w/ volunteers fresh off the worksite w/ Red Hats & AmeriCorps. 6-10pm
was that "tiro loco McGraw" In the #SuperBowl metlife ad? Yep ... "quick draw McGraw" for the none Spanish speakers hehehe
Veau. It's what's for dinner. Tonight's Plat du Jour: Blanquette de Veau - classic French veal stew w/ pearl onions & foraged mushrooms, $26
A bird landed on the floor during another long tv timeout.
Our drummer Gary is about to destroy on drums as we begin tracking our new DSD release today!
S/o too all my new followers :) muahhz*xO
Reminder friends: I tweet about all things of interest to me & think it's worth sharing. From veganism to my tech clients. Hence ...
I hate when other black people act distant and cant speak! UncleTom ass
#pudding? I thought you were referring to the other "P" word...
bombs, I yell ya. Dropped B-O-M-B-S.
Avodado and spinach are favorites. Thanks for saving me from Brussels!
Going to League for Innovations on Mon? president is sharing data on open textbooks and comm colleges.
Brainstormed innovative technology with at #NUideation, now for the patents... Thanks for coming!
Nope, you cant guess, when you find what I'm referring to you will get it. Good try though.
look at the Meck precinct map comapred to the McCrory/Perdue map from 08. I'd say that breaks the D against/R for stereotype
Happy mothers day to all my mama friends! (and furry babies count too!)
Sometimes your only option is to be strong.
Naps are amazing
Looks like the NFL lockout will end soon....Are you ready to draft your fantasy football team? What sleepers do you have this season?
"courage doesn't always roar. Sometimes courage is the quiet voice in the room saying I will try again tomorrow."
i have 3 phones, obviously :p thanks :)
The cause of your pain should be explained and corrected, not covered up.
GM I pray the Lord opens up the business world to u far beyond ur own expectations that His face shines on u His love keep u.
your welcome!
Sweet auburn festival saturday 3pm Dobbs stage Solstar = good vibes
How boring to be a boring individual.
look at my last couple of tweets there is a link in one of them to say something
You're the man.
Unless there's some secret method I don't think you can
One day we gn have to get married
Happy travels!
He better agree! lol
Oh nice! That is a great set! Next time you're in tell Pam you're connecting w/ us via twitter & she might sweeten the deal
My fiancee has the Casio Elixim and I have the Cannon Powershot - both take EXCELLENT pictures. Either would be great
Just got an email from my kid's little league org, titled: "Child Abuse Tips for Parents." Not sure that's what they meant...
Congratulations #BestInk winner
It's about time, I was wondering when people start taking notice of #Bahain. We need more people paying attention.
do you remember when flew on a flight as the only passenger?
Come on Packers get in the game!!!
One way Pres is making my life harder: I have to wait a few extra days to watch football. #whodoeshethinkheis? Oh yeah....
hi Jess I'm looking for a uc student or alumni to join my startup (cofounder) Send me an email
nun and i owe the school sum money
Congrats to Butler University, University of Arkansas at Little Rock, Oakland Golden Grizzlies for making the big dance!!
Getting over a cold, eating Cheez-its, listening to Top Tech Trends from Midwinter, catching up on email, was last night's House a good one?
Victorious ' Ariana Grande Shows She 's a Fashionista to Watch It looks like the Tinseltown trend of stylish teen queens isn 't coming to
LOL, they're a favorite here too! RT : there will be squealing over the journals with the scooter riding dogs.
#FreshmanYearTaughtMe that the child ish is over time for growing up ....*looks at sophomore and junior yrs* why is ppl still on kid shit?!?
We do too :) RT : I love Hawaii
yes, yes you did. An a pleasure to meet you lovely
Just discovered my dryer sheets are #compostable! #WasteDiversion Can't hang laundry - next best thing for now.
Thank you everyone for coming out for our special night tonight! Can't wait to throw another event in fall!!!
It's so embarrassing when election losers leave their signs out
Love you girl!
Your the King of Tweeter...
I'm outtie, headed to #BuffaloWildWings for shits and giggles.
Just because my eyes don't tear, doesn't mean my heart won't cry. Just because I come off as strong, doesn't mean there is nothing wrong.
its hard to buy xmas gifts for people who have an attitude problem.
Time for me to go to 💤
Hahaha it gets better when youbxan hang with people
ALRIGHT!!! 101 -- way to help me bust into the triple digits!!
you sold me on the blofeld. being a softsynth fanatic, I've been waiting for a piece of hardware like this for a while. thanks!
This is my first real vacation and it has been a blast! but it is coming to an end and so I just want to say to all of my friends THANK YOU!
It sounds like it's going to be a hot weekend here in Wisconsin! Have any exciting activities planned to beat the heat?
When my grandson asked me how old I was, I teasingly replied, I'm not sure
S/O out to lisa for hitting us up today to place an order, cause she seen our mascot on Saturday on water street!!!
tastes of heaven! Txs!
yeah I have no idea...i don't even remember where it was...north of n 1st right?
So excited for this weekend!
sounds like a lot of fun (and calories) xox
I was just thinking the other day that if I raise kids in the city, they won't know what a mall is. decided it was a good thing.
Let's Go Mike Vick
isn't that a movie? Xx
She's a man ;) good times
Yay! RT : Breakfast was outstanding the Hot Mess was awesome as always! #weekend more fun to come/continue
#ForTheLastFridayof2011 or #TheLastFridayof2011 needs to be trending.... Like now!
Thank you for the follow! I'm following back and look forward to gaining more insights through your tweets.
Maybe this is a chance and a sign from what Ive told you before! :D THEN maybe Mr. Bennett will notice my work one day! :D
I swear my life get weirder and weirder everyday..
Of course, this lil tidbit is to make up for devouring my body weight in chocolate since lent ended. On Sunday ;)
We all know that equals 6.
you dont even know studying.....
Working on some location notes before working on product placement deals for 2 web series
Freemasons as carriers of Habermas' public sphere in early America at
judge? No. Applaud? Absolutely
Thanks Charlie!
I've Worked Those Long Nights.. Long Nights TO Get A Pay Day
Oct. 20th - Wei of Chocolate tasting event! 10% discount after presentation. Please call to reserve space - seating is limited. 480.686.8503
On a happier note tho... Happy mothers day to u! I hope u and lil miss queenie have an amazing day! :)
Anyone else feeling that NPR and their ed coverage has changed because of Gates money? I do.
go for it. let me know if you need any help.
Its funny cause I didn't think that anything could be sexier than the Boyfriend video, untill I seen the Boyfriend performance. HOLY SHIT!
Come to Indy now we miss u
Discussing new categories for this year's show. @ reply your suggestions.
“: It doesn’t matter how old you are. if a balloon is about to hit the floor you dive for that shit.”
Gonna get home & eat, drink, bump & DANCE!! ;)
Im out
Floyd Mayweather should give a free seminar to all of the UFC fighters on how the pay-per-view revenue should be distributed.
Woop woop volleyball in gym class! You know what that means! #amyhannahbraid!
On a Don Bluth/mouse animated movie kick
Excited for the May 8 panel w/ Christine Pelosi in Sacto - "Is Democracy too Slow?" Our fantastic co-host/partner:
Can't get ePub issues to stop buzzing around my head on wknd. Need a mental FocusFree-like program. Or better meditation practice.
It's the weekend! Do you have plans?
I'm terrified to fly with my 22-month old son next month. Airport hostility is getting worse.
Wow just finished listening to jayz version of bump bump bump wthhh!! Lol.
You're very welcome! Thanks for all your help with the story! Saw Channel 13's interview w/you last night.
Double stuffed Oreos >>>>
it's too hard to try(that's what she said) not to laugh, so many great one-liners and random inputs from ensemble
actually, vegan food is what I crave now, the placenta in the egg and blood in the meat kinda grosses me out:/
hopefully he gets smarter with age.
I wish we had at least boarded so we could have left via the emergency slide. That would have made up for a lot! Free suggestion,
Just joined the National Association of Photoshop Professionals-looking forward to reading the publication!
this is turning into #twitterwar2012, which is
there's nothing surgery can do, when i break your little heart in two.
soo im watching icarly and oh yea nothing like random dancing to get your blood pumping lol
Downtown acting a Fool
Today is a perf day to stay in bed & write! Chilly/dark fall weather in #Chicago makes for a great #WriterWednesday!
you guys are so sweet , nice && cool . you should do a USTREAM !
Wat goes great wit football??? Hot wings!!
Ready for him to come home!!!
#WaysToGetShot talk back to ya mama
she said it's a day of chilling back with her people lol
Rain in San Francisco
Couldn't agree more!!!
Spent days and days packing and moving out, now about to spend the next week unpacking.
Just like ice cube "Today was a good day" :D
|#quotes Long shots do come in and hard work, dedication and perseverance will overcome almost any prejudice and open almost any door.
thanks! (guess now we know what both our Sunday morning routines are...)
Thank god we have FOX news or we never know whats really going on with news FOX is the only one that's cares to show what really happen
#brewers win!!
yeah that's what I thought too
iStreamPlanet Drives Video Delivery in the Cloud with Intel® Xeon ...
I wish i could say i even had a childhood Let alone a good 1
My foundation no longer matches and my cheeks are burnt
puños almost back! Looks like u gotta lot of catchin up to do. Hit me up.
lol I was just about to txt u too . U saw the pic of Kobe crying ???
Daily Dose of Goodness: Today, deny yourself something. The cheapest toilet paper is quite sufficient.
let us not forget Bret Saberhagen and his supersoaker full of bleach that he used to douse a bunch of Mets' beat reporters.
That was a long night .. Waiting for my babe to get here then going to sleep !
... reading your tweets (grin) ...
RT : Just laid down the first two joints for the HEALTH WEALTH KNOWLEDGE OF SELF album. I Am Alive Now & 4 Laws of Wealth.
what a nice tribute to your friends :)
Good luck, we're cheering for you, "Mike"!
Pray for you and your community’s resolve to protect children by reporting incidents of child abuse and neglect
#BroughtonMemories Fussing out Mr.Vandervort and getting kicked out of class everyday .. lmao !
Yes, and we're looking for interns too! Great opportunities.
Woohoo! Plans are being made to open Burger-Fi locations all over Orlando, including LAKE MARY (where I live). Loved that place in South FL!
Victory is mine! Victory is yours! Put God first in all you do. And stay on the winning side! 1st tweet.
#10FactsAboutMe I laugh when I tell the truth as opposed to when I lie
Be sure to slack me in the back of the head and say hi! :)
when people see Justin Bieber and think of me ð
Jas I miss you:/ and your crazy self!
Oh to be in Madison today! MT Neil deGrasse Tyson (ie my space boyfriend) is giving a talk at the Memorial Union today @ 3pm.
Thanks to our new followers this week!
ive had to face my biggest fear. living without you by my side💔😪
Fanbase would certainly approve. RT : Todd McShay's latest mock draft has Russell Wilson going to the Packers in the 4th round.
fuck u bitch I love my chicken legs <3
When you say something you dont mean when youre mad <<<
Just read your blog post, buttery soft it is! Look forward to working with you again soon.
I hope my plan succeeds
Nobody Beats the Drum... confirmed for the Day Party. Sat 17 @ Barbarella. Let the booty shakin' commence.
I wore ugly jeans today and they ruined my day.
ah I got to study for my finals today :/ ...
Thank you! All we need to complete it is a baby boy now :)
Quick little shoutout to my baby sis who never talks to me, only retweets me lol #loveyoutoo :) best lil sis in the world
Naked skin is beautiful!
San Diego -> LA -> photo shoot -> Public -> Beachers -> and GO!
? why does on chrome continually return "Sorry, that page doesn't exits" but no problem with on ? try it!
Goodbye for now
During our pre-launch, all our initial 10 designs are only $9.95/sheet plus free shipping. Normally $14.95. Great deal!
glad to hear you're enjoying the app!!!
Nutella and marshmellows?! That's a first...
The same principle that works for "saving" faith works for "active" faith. Heart believes -Mouth confesses - unto the benefits of salvation
#Can I Live
mom said thanks and she loves the cover of "Daughters" It made her cry.
Cobra Duct Tape, Nice. I'm down with that idea.
got hit by a train. The #soultrain. Then Dragged over the tracks and dumped into dankville. Cause your nuggs suck!
Hey will you give us a listen? :)
I love you for coming out with the Blue Sky Record..you are definitely "Real Hip Hop" THANK YOU!!!!!!
And then: the end of humanity is declared. We wrestle with despair & the desire to give in... vs the will to survive.
Have you RT the #WBMegaSweeps yet? Just in time for the holidays, YOU could be the lucky winner of 11 awesome WB films! RT!
Had a great turn out for a neighborhood walk for my campaign on #neighborhoods, #smallbusiness and #tech. Thanks everyone.
watch cover of Payphone!
“ Frying chicken”BRING ME SOME
#JanetJackson killed the lap dance to #wouldyoumind Get it :D
THIS is why Crabby is one of my faves! RT Until I see a copy of the new CBA with the Smart car i requested, NO DEAL!
Will Ferrell is cracking me up.
i will dj your party that previously had shitty music but don't get mad at me when those thirsty hoes don't enjoy my ish.
The Dipping Pickles in Ketchup While Watching the Women's Entertainment Channel Ending Story
what about Tampa
Arizona makes me stay up al night this house it's this house I swear :p
i jus taught my mom how to Reject!!! ROFL she fell a few times but she eventually learned!=)
Happy Saturday Eve....
Agree! RT A2) If you are hanging out where audience is talking, you're *never* overextended
I've been using Tweetbot on both for a while now.
Live, Love and Like You before you like me and others...
hey, I'm part of the team here, you can follow me personally at
Every One help get #HappyBirthdayMickeyMouse trending!
#FearTheQuietGuys ..saw the promo last night...#BOSS!
Indeed! Well said.
Did I ever tell you that having road rage is such an attractive feature? :)
Nope. Vinny has done enough of that for us.
RT : : A1: Accepting that I deserve to Happy, Healthy and Successful.
I'm speechless! good thing Im typing! pleased to Tweet you!
Don't you love it when it says you have an unread messege, but when you look theres nothing?
Nothing wrong with loving vinyl.
Let's go
Some call him Dean Leady. Others call him the Dean of Students, Dude of Studes, or just "Cool Guy." All are #obviously sufficient.
Getting excited about the early St. Patty's Day party at #Mullen! Woot!
IM EATING CHIKEN NUGETS ;D ANYWAYS , HEY :D
Duquette thinks it's a slider.
very very tired, and cold. You? (:
If #highered is a social good, then educate public in public institutions w aid directed to publics.
Rise of the Planet of the Apes
Change is in the air! New website coming soon.
meteor shower!
How everybody feelin on this beautiful day
My mom is rapping to Baby Got Back. Omfg.
": We all had a ball at Boss last night. Dat nigga Drago got my ass drunk"
“: (fill in the blank) All I want for Christmas is _________!” #Ravens Superbowl Victory #ballsohard Diploma
To be a twitter Grayson would be nothing short of an honor.
We recently launched an all new Photo competition on our Facebook group
I got exited about it & my mom had to kill da mood :(
Happy Halloween to parents & drivers. Be careful out there - there will be children out and they can be unpredictable. Go slow and be wary!
The (very nice) MTA guys said to come back when rush hour was over and they might be able to get it then. Crossing my fingers.
loved hanging out with today!
The Brits have the best music.
thanks so much. they really are a fantastic team!
I want it too
hahah yea I'm good. Omg today was TO funny though omg I can still laugh when I think about all of it , i love you guys <3
We're heading out to tonight and tomorrow! Have a fantastic weekend from your friends at BlueGrace Logistics!
NEVER trust anyone! They will take your heart, soul and money and leave you with NADA!!
Quad Graphics always hiring bro I got an interview monday!!
Conversation in India PT1 Man: You do not want to walk down that road at night, sir. Fisting is very popular on that road. Me: I'm sorry?
The eyes have it! 75% of you like to play up your pretty peepers more than any other facial feature. Shop online www.marykay.com/jhallinan
Davinci Virtual Office Solutions was selected for the 2011 Houston Award in the Secretarial Services by the US Commerce Association!
still trying to find my xbox 360 game cases and missing games supper was great work was awesome & live is a amazing gift #CARPEDIEM #LOVEIT!
Girl to guy ratio at Hershey Friendly's 20 to 1. I.m still going.back to the hotel with Mary Jane. Leaving lots of empty ice cream bowls
dude your bro is in Memphis?
no nigga, sometimes! Cause sometimes I laugh at you, not with you xD jk of course you do baby girl (: haha
Everything is now on the accountant's desk, so everything but the signatures (and check...) are left to worry about.
Chefs are jamming to EMF's "Unbelievable" at this Vietnamese restaurant. Food is good though.
Really want to play a high stakes game of scrabble with my old friends.
The random text message he sent me haha! I love him! <3
My heart is heavy today and I'm working through it with tears...
is off to bed knuckle-heads!
Vote in the primary tomorrow! Good luck
Lots of spots open on the bike this weekend. Get a group together and book a pub crawl with us!
I never thought to use that but yeah I'm definitely gonna be doing that now. Why are you still up?
It's here!!!! Packers and Saints..."Rodger" that Bitches ; )
Neat. Thanks for pointing it out.
Making the decision to commence collaborative divorce proceedings is a four-step process....find out more!
i kinda wanna live in the 60's
Yeah at my shitty job, hook it up with a tank top I can sport in Vegas.
i just died.
OMG. I USED TO LIVE THERE. I LOVE THAT PLACE. SO MUCH. I am so jealous right now!!!
T-24 hours until Absinthe Minded Friday! Tomorrow $8 Absinthe ALL DAY!
streaming the best coast show. not like being there. h8 you guys
- I'm finding out how great of an album Learning to Crawl really is. Pretty much all killer, no filler.
just make sure are u a girl or boy
I promise that I'll never let you go You're all I need, 'cause baby without you I'm just not me (`▽´)-σ
must clear up later then w u. Call in my ill show some night
Always Revive the Drive to Make Things Happen for Yourself ~ Sapee #Dont stay Down for too long. Fact is, Life is Full of Upz n Downz
I'm the perfect definition.
That's game! #SportingKC beats LA 1-0 & is still unbeaten. Great game by & the team.
stop by and visit our booth!
I did at first as well. Thats how I realized what you were saying.
have the best time! love you! ❤✨
Final got 600 followers
I'm not sure I read that much into it. Usually in season moves like this announced by front office w/GM quotes in press release.
Thanks Amanda :-) cc
All-night cramming? Unique studying spot? Traditions, routines & stress relief techniques? We're covering finals, and want you!
Kesha Uses The Street As A Toilet « NOW 103.1 – Today&#39;s Best Hits ...
#Studying is fun when you know its almost over...
Go Lions!
Yup, formatting meeting is even worse than I thought.
Master Sergeant Andrew Layton is our Lead Alto. You can hear him throughout the recordings on our download page.
Randy Moss. If he had 1/2 the work ethic of Jerry Rice, he would be the best WR ever. Lack of determination only shortcoming
Why does the "in reply to" link just show the same tweet? It used to actually show the tweet they were responding to.
All you night crawlers, can't stop won't stop!
You have the right to remain silent.. Okay thats what I'll do Officer!!
Hahaha that entire list is hilarious
Meetings...I spend too much of my life in meetings!
The bookshop is open today!
"Status quo is off the table". Watershed moment for college football may be upon us. I'd love to see a playoff format.
Had a good time at the POK taping! Happy Birthday <3 (:
Hope you and your husband enjoy the rest of your vacation.
Made my first online purchase since giving it up for lent and I couldn't be happier!!!!
RT : Enjoying 's art at
RT : Don't dig your grave with your own knife and fork. ~English Proverb
Thanks for the retweet love, once again, you are the best!!
Right on !
Registered & Excited to learn!
yay fathers day
me too! think I'm gonna see it anyway, but still disappointing
#BOGO at Edibles bar tonight, with a surprise guest bartender !
u a monkey 🐒 hoe ass nigga!
weight loss can be great for men and women when using "Acai Berry" and other health and beauty aids.
If we valued education, we would not allow college fees to spiral so high that the majority of our college students drop out due to cost.
Just listened to the tomorrow's episode of ScoutSoundsDC by and All's I got to say is "HOT DIGGITY DAMN!"
dude this guy is my hero
You're a wonderful fan AND person. We all love you! This is and by the way. <3
Aww that's so cute! Your brazilian fans love you! :]
I was sad to see you are no longer following. Have a great week
No one, including you, wants or enjoys being criticised. We all need to care for & be kind to each other.
Spurs next.
shit I am tellin you dont be putting my business out like that
S/o to my new follower !!!
hehe thanks again :)
Lmfao how this dude pee himself & then fall asleep in the puddle ?! Lmao oo man gn
rachael just go to bed you'll forget about this stuff tomorrow
Morning everyone!
Manning is the consummate team player. Whether he is playing or not, he wants to be there with his teammates and contributing.
The NFL should vacate the Saints XLIV Super Bowl win, & have the Vikings and Colts play...with original players. Its only fair.
Got a free comic book and free chik-fil-A, life is good
Great day at #DerbyDeMayo party, I picked the right horse and won her ONE raffle ticket
Of the various botanical classes of coffee trees in the world, only two are extensively grown commercially; Arabica and Robusta.
We love Rocky Horror! We'll be screening it at midnight June 2nd! $6 if you're in costume, $9 if you're not!
Excited for the meeting with good friend tomorrow !!!
:) I love that song!!
Join us at Culinaria tonight, 5-7pm, for Sips in the City! Unwind from work and enjoy complimentary beer, wine and apps. bit.ly/vUmjKz
#america , where salads are more expensive then hamburgers, & ebooks are more expensive then regular books.
Green Bay 3 words
I do believe it does. We've been itching to see you guys and catch up
Radio spot 1 of 2 today: now, with our good friends at WNRN. Nonstop these past 48hrs and no respite until late tonight
Don't give up!!! Fight this thing out and keep Grinding the whole game. Memphis believes in you guys.
this girl keeps calling me telling me "I need to back my hoe self away from him because he likes boys" I don't even like him anymore.
Drama schrama, Stacy Francis can sing! Great job !
Reading texts you sent when you were drunk is like terrifying digital archeology.
UK : parking sensors => US : "curb feelers"?
Is it bad that I laugh at all the love notes my boyfriend gives me? Baha. I love that boy. He should be a comedian. Haha.
Laugh now , cry later .
Come see Houston native singer/songwriter Jimmy Pizitolla this Saturday.
Real things that happened -- Me: GUYS! North Carolina made gay marriage legal! (Opens email, sees full headline) Me: I mean illegal. DICKS!
You sound like my hubby. Grown boys love those types of toys : )
Orton is making Cassel look like a chump
Not buying but I think nothing says Happy Valentines Day like a piece of thick cut cod...
It's getting interesting at willy t
Thank you! HOPE TO SEE YOU VVRRROOOOMMMM!!!! :-) TAXI????? (919)633-2606...LET ME BE YOUR DESIGNATED DRIVER!
I didn't know you were managing too. You're a busy guy!
Again, this is final game of the first round of the Big 12 Tournament. NCAA Tournament positions also on the line. A&M to kick 1st.
What rumor? Your link didn't work.
Open Room Change Period Starts Today!!!!
calling all unsigned rappers,producers,singers, & POTENTIAL models join our #Team via email your info "We GOT work!"
I would love to hit up the ridge if I didn't have class
Do it!
Not officially, but yes
Oh, the contract was never approved. The lawyers couldn't agree, but thanks
So close to 300 followers - today has to be the day! Let's make it happen!
haha. yeah, my "friend" keep dropping his pants at Safeco. What's a "guy" to do!?!?!?
that's good. Im a chelsea fan!
Black Acre Irvington will be a must. They should open this week. Triton is in Lawrence, but their tap room and beer are awesome
Even though it isn't spelled correctly, Semin trending makes me giggle.
Np I Gotta chick
I've listened to it a Million times today. Can't get enough!! Love you morreee !<3
no way he should be allowed on the plane. That's terrible!
Check out my sisters and my cooking blog! W.helloscrumptious.com let me know what you think!
#fridaylistens started the Shallows by Carr and set it aside when Affair by Child became available. Gotta love Reacher!
bathroom floor is done and kitchen floor is done..babies just went down for a nap so taking a minute to figure out what to do next...
RT: THIS WKND, PEN rolls out a new series at in Griffith Park. Join us for the launch of BOOM, a new journal from UC Press
love you
Have fun and kick some a**
“: Follow Back”
Lamb is the man tonight!
They just pronounced "chipotle" CHI-POL-TEH-LAY on the food network. Is that correct? Inquiring Pop Tartz want to know.
": You were born to be real, not perfect. You are here to be you, not someone else."
Walmart In Bloomington . <<<<
#FF Have a wonderful weekend!!!
when u have the chance please see way I wrote on your wall on Facebook (:
Goodnight Tony,have dreams of Elementary Penguins~!
Tell me why (ain't nothin' but a heartache)... Tell me why (ain't nothin' but a mistake) :D
Never be bullied in2 silence. Never be made out to be a victim. Do not accept no one's definition of your life. Define yourself.
#BieberOnTheVoice just turned me on . tmi ? who cares , I will always love Justin 
Sometimes I still laugh to myself in my nook about the whole bra strap incident and tripping and breaking my shoes.
oh what do yah know, new moon!!!
Didn't realize till I saw other flogging Molly fans that I left the house in a green tee and an orange and white hoodie...uh, Erin go bragh?
I do not understand twitter. It confuses me.
That's right Pacers, make them work for it!
Nerds unite! Watching
I'll keep you updated the next couple days
Tell it! RT : If u've ever used a free medical clinic or ate b/c of a school breakfast program u can thank the Black Panth ...
Hope he never auditions for the part of an English-speaking character.
Submit your wine labels now to contest to enter. #free to enter! Winner to be announced at the 2012 wine comp at the RB inn
EVERYONE DONE PANICING YET
#NP I Just Wanna Say by Israel Houghton
I want my own kitchen !
Reluctantly, I have to admit that the movie #hallpass is pretty damn funny.
You're welcome. So cool. This will be part of your life always now, & the part they played will make it even more special :)
Wisconsin is dissecting Syracuse's zone to a T!!!
#Reading Saul Cornell's A Well-Regulated Militia: the Founding Fathers & Origins of #GunControl in America. Fun stories about, well, guns.
r my idols:D
Great; bring out the voodoo dolls RT : RT : Officials for tonight's #celtics #hawks game are Foster, Malloy and Wall
Grand night out with some grand ole pals! Hunter and of course Dirt!
Entire Store buy 1 get 1 half off and buy 2 get 1 free
I don't think my name was actually ever attached to any alerts while I was there.
Aside from Pandora's stellar performance as a net radio service, the anti-Obama ads suck ass. I don't care abt your politics. GIVE ME MUSIC!
*Free services only with permission to use photos in our portfolio.
RT : RT : Have a YouTube Channel! Have Subscribe Buttons! Give a Reason to Subscribe! says Paul
Wicked Wednesday's @ 1 Up Lounge. Happy hour drink specials:$3 Well drinks, $4 Drafts & $5 Absolute cocktails. DJ Mike T. DJ Hump.
Austin lives in Texas. RT if you wish you lived in Texas! (:
Great spot, was there for Roll out party last night
Today is an amazing day to sit back and compose some tunes. That's what we are doing.
hope to have you through.
it's like near Poplar.
You remind me... I am due for a good run. And *gulp,* another marathon.
Just starting "The Shadow of the Wind" by Carlos Ruiz Zafon
ok I have NO idea what you drew! Lol
Just had lunch on an outdoor terrace. In the warm sunshine. In Seattle. In February. Amazing.
I wish at the soccer game right now
Man it felt good to get back in the gym and put up shots. Just like the old days in the ville and the dub.
So happy no school tomorrow. :-)
pick your poison, I got you.
Just submitted the first Zimbo production The Little White Bird to a festival.
I have a date with Hurricane Earl tonite. Im wearing a black dress and black boots. Hopefully he'll sweep me off my feet...
surpassed our goal for the first annual fundraiser campaign. THANK YOU for your support, confidence, and generosity.
That is good to know about the support group! I need to find one in Texas...
Another day hard to work… but at least the #Giro stage video & my current text (Hodgkin, IV.8) happen to be about the same area.
they still don't follow me, and I baked them brownies! Haha
I love out new church home
you were the leader bring it back.
they all basically the same thing to & they end the same way
I think we dream so we don't have to be apart for so long. If we're in each other's dreams, we can be together all the time.
>Quote: Everyone thinks of changing the world, but no one thinks of changing himself. Leo Tolstoy
YUM! Now that's what I call a sweet tweet! (& you're very welcome!) Banana Spit Torte in Gratitude
Call me old fashioned. Sometimes I need more than 140 characters. Besides, have to justify still paying a phone bill. ;-)
u got it like that!!
yeah! its awsome! i was COMPLIMENTING it!
oh my i love you so much :D Everything about you is just STYLIN' sorry that was kind of a fail ahhaaa but i still love you! xD
lmao! Good luck tonight!!
I hate the lot of you. Go Browns!
bout to get ready and head to class
At Carlos's house.
Swizz Beatz Says Dr. Dre's Detox Will Be 'Worth The Wait'
I was being serious. I HATE the idea of God and everything you say is quite smart. I'm just white, you know how that goes. lol
will do. Thnx for the support
we weren't going out of our way to tweet you. We were tweeting all night.
Just got back from shooting in San Diego. Had a great time!
New to Twitter but it's pretty cool
haha jk I'm cool...yeah a little more work...it's a journey and I'm enjoying the process...how's things with you? Gigs? CD?
nice reception and after pass rush!! #GoRyan!
Ight im off this ✌twitter suckin up my juice!
eat a pancake for me :)
apparently it's an eye cyst.. Or an allergic reaction to something lol
M M M M M. That goes great with what I'm doing right now actually lol
Seeing lots of neat tools today including #audacity & !
Einstein throws out a Holla for Dr. Hollar!
Love is an energy, the strongest of all. We think it is "just love'…and yet love is so far ahead that at times it looks like it is behind.
Hahaha I like your dad already
Follow our favorite auto peeps They're generous #supporters of our fight against #recidivism!
WHAT doesn't kill ya makes you stronger...(:
I've run out of clever things to say but I'm happy you're mine I'm just happy A very happy guy
Take it to Best Buy, love. Best advice anyone ever gave me when mine just short of collapsed on me about a month ago.
As an amateur player, what's the smallest net worth you would have to have to buy in to the $1m WSOP event next summer? #$50m? #$100m?
I thought it was just me haha
I will keep my comments ;-) rt ": Are you watching???? I can't wait to see her "
really red lol
can I get a fet well post ?
Yes! 2xs. And the horror story he wrote this year (5th grade) was given an A+, but he was not allowed to read it to the class.
Take me or leave me, I'll never be perfect believe me I'm worth it, so take me or leave me<3
Did a Porsche event at Road America this week. They are promoting their new Panamera which is their first sedan. Man, it is sweet!!
“: MT Toddler Angel Babcock (the only survivor of the family of 5 in Pekin, IN) has been taken off life support.”SO SAD!
I believe I'm free tomorrow night.
Who wants dinner !
Anyone have link 2 Politically Speaking interview with party leaders, & Only able to catch last 10 min.
Do you like challenging conversations? How do you handle those.
That is a great commercial w/ you.
bleh last work of mercy
I'm following you.
I WANT THIS TO HAPPEN!
I can only wonder...and be sad...
:(( Anywho, what you been up to?
Heading to Santa Monica stairs. See you there.;)
MikeyWild Dubplates and Shoutouts available at anytime! Blessings to all!
Hey I'll be at Mac later tonight... You gonna be around?
same thing with #Cubs and
By Kentucky?
She's Canadian ????? haha why is this TT? o_O
Thanks for sharing the project!
Is really making an issue of Ann Romney's clothing? Not even subtle about being echo chamber for Obama 'he's not one of us' theme
Why? Because I'd do anything to protect my friend. Especially from creeps like you.
Great rehearsal. Auditioned an EXCELLENT drummer, and turns out my pedalboard is amazing. LP + pedals + modded blues deluxe = happy
Buddhist association connects visitors with Burmese culture
Maybe what I heard about pappy three years ago when he got hired was true.. wow. No one knew but me and some others..
Repeat after me: "I am not a jerk." :)
Let's get that for the new apartment. Housewarming party.
Happy teacher Tuesday! Happy hour all night for teachers. Wine tasting all day. Enjoy.
re new woodworking, yeah *lots* ;) i'm afraid i'm not much of a photographer, but let me see what I can do to share. stand by ;)
Thinking of hitting up some Luv It Custard this evening after a reportedly hottest day of the year thus far! Local and loving it.
The count down begins 4 the ULTIMATE SD brewery&beer tasting tour THIS Saturday!Grab ur friends&hop on a party bus 4 only $25
Yay! MT Congrats You got it! Clamobile is the answer!
wake me up ina few hours for #Bottlebar -
Must be off--editing play date with author in an hour and much to do in too little time. Be good to each other.
Happy Friday Ms. Johnson :-)
Anything promoting good grammar is worth a RT!! Doing well up here in Point. Dog and job keeping me busy. Cheers!
that seems like a very dangerous, idea, like trading Bledsoe to the Bills, but if the Bills were good...
Watching my best friend ball up the court with
Much needed wine and 30 Rock night with
(You still need to come see us.) ^-~
I DONT THINK IT WAS.
You're welcome, God bless!
trainers were evidently working on the right shoulder, not the left that has been popping out recently.
I'm the opposite. I'd love to see Mesoraco start more.
started reading Liar, Liar by Gary Paulsen. What a riot! Hil-freaking-larious!
Just got back from a marketing seminar sponsored by #WHAM13 - it was quite informative.
I know people who have them... about three I think but they're not really my friends or anything haha (antisocial butterfly)
thanks for the follow, linda!
paddy's pub is a real place in Philadelphia and it's sunny!
Funny... People who dont have a twitter and then just make one think this is the hardest thing in the world to use Haha
I dont like today! But Ill have to make it out of it alive.
Sorry about the WiFi issue yesterday. Can you provide some details for us? Was there a signal but you weren't able to connect, etc.?
God's regretting billions of abortions he never had right now...
Happy Thanksgiving, everyone!
worst feeling ever
Pretty girls >>
I have THE worst hangover ever i dont even think i replyed to Josh he probably think im a bitch huh?
would you believe someone walked off with our leftover half bag of the Chicago style?
Why do you need another arm when you can use Putkonen every day (#LeylandLogic)?
it's leisure-tastic! thanks bryan, have a fab weekend!
Make The Decision... That Your Afraid To Chose Because You Fear The Consequences. When You Know; You Know.
It's very important to prevent HIV/AIDS in families
hii can u foollw back please :) thank you <3
Great day so far. Spend the afternoon. You can't take it with you.
LeBron really mad at Chalmers. Just yelled at him "You got to box him the fuck out" lol
Out of nowhere, for absolutely no reason, my mom just looked at me and said "everytime I see your face I just want to bark." I'll kill her.
So, I JUST discovered a recipe for little cakes you can make in the microwave using coffee mugs. Time to experiment
cool ! i cant wait to hear it .
#BostonCeltics you can't turn the ball over 17 times and expect to win on the playoffs! You beat yourselves!
Trey Burke returning to Michigan per UM Athletics
now i guess it's the cutthroat trout. thought it was the rainbow trout when i was young.
true but azjiah's doing act 2 and 3😌😝😜
WRITING A BANGER!! (ECHO) tweety birds....HaHa..Be on the look out for my New Single "GO" you will not be disappointed. Something different.
Oh I still wear Fitteds All Day but nothing surprises me in fashion. Went from to ......I was like WTF
Just signed up to volunteer for , looking forward to helping out for this awesome cause!
Enhance Your Skills in Social Media, Presentations & Media Outreach. PD workshop Sunday at
I'm followin u already, follow me
oh :) well.... HAPPY LATE BIRTHDAY! :D
#stm2012 In biological sciences, it is harder to get at truth in part because peer-review cannot eliminate the errors
lmao I'm Bored
Go to Albuquerque and play at Sandia casino.
The end of this blues sharks game is insane.
beautiful day in the city! Is it Queen's Day?
Shout me out. Mention me. Ill doo the same if you do it for me. (;
hahahahahah I love it! That song reminds me of Rebecca Black
At the poetry comp. #PYPM ! :D
appreciate bruh. Yo freestyle game sick!
She doesn't get it, it's all before she was born.
And I can't leave out for obvious reasons. See you tonight!
Everyone on fb has an instagram! Just followed them all! Haha
“: 2x champ Fred Couples withdraws from THE PLAYERS citing flu like symptoms as the reason.” Damnit. This is not funny!
Inspired to make more films and attend lots of festivals after such a great weekend at fest!
Damn what a long day
Lol first day back & I'm still in bed
oh where oh where have you been???
*ways, sorry.
Thank you for all of the wonderful Happy Birthday messages!
Happy Thanksgiving Twitterville - I miss tweating with you - but you are always on my mind!
Don't even joke about that!!!
UUhh why does it say there is only 301 views..??? we're trying to set a record here!!!
guess I better memorize your number then!
Way to burst my bubble, Olivia. :'(
Excited to watch my sunday night shows! Having some quality "rachael" time! lol
Nobody's perfect. 🎶
It's intense! Goin great. Thx, RG! : have a great day at auditions Jim!
Why is twitter saving tweets in drafts on my phone?
Wow. I forgot about that. So tall it would require FAA lights. RT or the 500 ft. cross?
Baldridge: mobile blended learning - all the time, everywhere learning.
Never fold under pressha, hold it together
She says she doesn't care but her heart is screaming out a different story.
Entertainment Art Gallery Listings: April 29, 2012 - Enterprise-Record
You know you got a awsome girlfriend when she makes you a sandwhich after sex. :-)
See Graffiti? Capture it!
I get to go to Sandy Lake tomorrow!! Yay!!
Rumor has it....
Anyone out there using #google+ ? I can't wait to check it out--Love social networking!
Lastly… Investing pickup line from : “Baby, you make my interest rates rise.” Thanks, —entertaining stuff! :-)
I think Wacko and Dot are missing Yako, they have been noisey all morning. Poor Yako died yesterday, down to 2 toads in the house :-(
The intelligent actor will work through the preparation of a character differently every time, depending on circumstances....
you getting fucked up aint you.!
already researching my next trip to CA. Birthday reunion?
thanks for da support
North Carolina you bastards.
#iWannaGiveAShoutoutTo to 2 of my favorite artists on twitter! & Check'em out! Great #artists & great live shows!
Gladys is so adorable!!!
Entouch Keep Pretending by Latash Gardner a Hughes T&CSD exexutive Secretary lead 2 KCLA FM when Double Major ended
Apples and Oranges do have one thing in common: fruity.
appears on KPFK re: Obama administrations practices
Ginko: Good ingredients, creativity on a roll at this tiny Tremont restaurant
What a nice day, I love Bayview!
ENCORE #AU ENCORE
Maui grown foods just taste better!
In my case, that would be pretty frightening.
Everybody play the tough guy till shit pop off.
!!!!! RT I hate to hear black men talk about how unjustly they were treated when they actually did some dumb illegal shit .
After taking the final today, I don't feel like there's any way I could have gotten lower than a B... It was so easy!
I'll have to check it out, thanks!
how long is it going to take the #newbie to finish cooking?? Lol!
Lars and the real boy
Up real early and for no reason....FML!!!
Planning a party in my extra strict teachers (especially with food) class. The last full day before final exams.
Ouch...strikeout. Still, Hart is DUE for a biggie.
Olive Garden claims they're just as passionate about cheese as I am.
Pink nail polish is gone :( kept chipping off between my teeth :$
I triple dog dare to RT this!
How about the original 'Gone In 60 Seconds' or 'Vanishing Point'
RT : #FF Because it's a GREAT gift idea for your mom. Mother's day is in 3 weeks. Get ahead of the game!
aw okay cool
who says your not beautiful.... nananananananana <3
will wait for verification on Sat.
Merry Christmas :)
If hanging w/ & 60 people for a private show in LA sounds rad, tweet & w/ the #SonosStudio tag to win!
Definitely check out our website thedetroitjournal.com. We will also be on the on thursday at 11:15.
I'm a fan of the APICA 401B spiral-bound hardback w/ index page at front but can't find it :(
Will LeBron show up in today's final 2 minutes?
wow you're so funny I can't contain myself
The good news is, Rufus realizes my office is a place 2 do business. The bad news is, he doesn't realize it's not a place 2 do HIS business!
Distressed by the sudden realization that the color of my tee-shirt is less "bronzed twig" than it is "baby poop."
RT : It's #EqualPayDay: this date symbolizes how far into 2010 women must work to earn what men earned in 2009
“: If your boyfriend has to erase his messages before he gives you his phone, your boyfriend isn’t worth shit.”
Lay em on me!
Grab a flier from any promoter and bring it with you
your opening keynote was inspiring. Thanks again for everything you've done for the MySQL community.
not hurtful enough to not tell you the dogs are enclosed in the pool area
Getting some chipotle!
When u fail 2meet ur mate's needs, u create fears n thm. Its ur job 2speak2 the fears u created until ur mate trusts u enuf 2set them aside.
Good q from our audience about the audiences. Can we create games for kids that adults also play?
Do your 4sq check-ins REALLY need to be synced with your twitter? really?
thanks for coming to the world's oddest play with me haha
I know lol they SHOULD correct all these ghetto peoples grammar!
real talk
if only that's what a SOW really was
Happy New Year's Eve everyone. And 4 tomorrow Happy New Years! I hope this yr everyone has an amazin year, may ur hopes/dreams come true :D
I'm diving back into 90s #prince — with Whitney gone, I need to reevaluate my appreciation of what's still around.
Shout out to !
Cookout is 4 days away!!! Do you have your tickets yet?? W.Heartlandcookout.org benefitting our brave men&women in uniform
: Okay Mr. lol so you gotta facecook?
I was too busy showing love Ian see the signs
les go I have 6 bucks in cash and 19 bucks in my card. I'm down
only to find that He was not there, and an angel greeted these visitors, telling them "Why do you seek the living amongst the dead?
follow back bro. #BIGFAN !
Tethering with my win7 phone fuck you At&t!:-)
is true. I am sorry to say. on way and in late tonight. you're with Herbie I take it. see you soon!
some nigga my mans know ?
Happy Halloween! Stay safe tonight! We'll see you tomorrow. *cough* ;-)
So are than and then. Don't get me started. RT : Fact: worse and worst are two different words. You know, like dumber and dumbest.
I can't believe i studied 3 DAYS NON-STOP and still got this grade, I am not taking this I want a freakin' recount or something
ya'llz better get better. i dont want that ish all up in ma face u feel.... im kidding baby, i love you and get better<3
show is great...it started off great and I know it will end great.... :-)
packing up for the NYC book launch
play your best without gamesmanship and let chips fall where they may. If your #integrity doesn't impress them, nothing will.
why do females get on fb and twitter and become hard to get and sought after all of a sudden???
in the basement of Reed. By the staircase near the lecture halls. Haha. Crazy.
Screw this dysrhythmia test. If I don't pass I don't pass and can take it again. F'ING hell
Forgot a chap stick today... knows the torture this puts me through...
I'm really sorry I can't take part, I just have loads to do this weekend
Remember how much fun you had coming up with good AOL screen names?
It was another victorious weekend for Ireland rugby! Come on in and celebrate with half price beef burger night & Happy Hour from 4-7pm!
It's ok to cry if you're in pain. Remember tears are prayers too. They travel to god when we can't speak.
& I lost our minds Hatch crab cakes, chili, cornbread, guacamole, pasta, bags of raw & roasted. Hmm-what's 1st?
So what's the #LTDArmy up to today?
people want a time when taxes were low and government was small . What date was this?n
Not trying to get all mushy gushy, but I do really love my guy. No one else understands me like him. He's the best. <3
Thank you Renee at the Tennessee Museum of History for the Waylon Jennings CD.
You'r noticed. Sorry it took long! Love you <3 For more I tweet you, I'll never get noticed by you :(
Work is over! Woo Hoo! I'm going home and watching The Office on my DVR.
Playing games on my iPad, listening to music on my iPod, writing papers on my MacBook; all in memory of you #stevejobs !
Whenever I manage to pour an alcoholic beverage into a drinking vessel without spilling, I feel like Tom Cruise in "Cocktail."
ha! whats the excuse for every other day?MT:some nxtbus predictions may not be available. Remember Metrobus is running on Sat schedule
Need to go get my hair done..
Making my money and being successful is my main goal.💰💎 Which come along with the happiness 😃
mister cee blessing kats ear drums as usual ...
I see your star you left it burning for me
Thanks for the support!
Just dm'd you...should I plan on not coming?
Need flyers/postcards for your next event? check us out at www.musicalstop.com
Just watching out for you ;-)
right!?! And lets be honest, I never really did HW in college so this is actually a whole new ball game for me
yup they all old as hell.
Congrats! You have a new subject to tweet about for the next 9 months. I bet your labor tweets will be fantastic!
welcome home!
It's amazing how fast time flies, 233 days ago retweeted me on twitter. <3
‘Abdu’l-Bahá says if peace workers don’t apply what they advocate, they’re like wine sellers who make speeches condemning wine.
TRUE!! RT Selling a matching bikini top and bottom separately is literally the shittiest thing that happens.
Happy Leap Day!
The first taping of "On Tap" went well. We have a lot to learn! But overall the test run was a major success.
this is Sonny Joe lol
Flacco! Holly shit! Joe Cool for president! Man, he had to win that game 3 times and he did it!
Tnight on 10 on ABC5: State prison workers continue their protests over safety issues and low staffing; so what will Gov. Branstad do?
EA Sports running a Holiday sale on many of their games for the IPhone and IPad, $.99 per game
they need your attn, how is business ?
I think it's all of them, including Johnny Gill.
Jack doesn't seem to like it. I like to think it's because he's already fallen in love with Have a good day!
Today's weather is perfect! so ready for a shoot tomorrow morning with a little almost 6 month old :)
Editing rhymecal footage, amidst the chaos there were some dope ass moments. Highlight clips coming soon...
Irish Amateur Open draws field from eight countries
I'm at PKWARE now. Write manuals for ZIP software. Also doing lots of WordPress-related things.
Leaving tomorrow night ready to be on a mountain
Is that a reflection of how they treat contract signings? A 70-minute blackout for an industry giant is rather shocking.
Are you having fun at your ghetto house.? Cuz we're having fun without you(;
so... Bucks or pacers? Playoffs or not?
Most people dabble their way through life, never deciding to master anything in particular. -Tony Robbins
Nice! I made it 9 years before I broke down and bought a ring. Need any advice on holding out I got some
GoodMorning :)! Have A Good Day! I'm Off To School :/!
Hahahaha hope you already put the kids to bed. Wash is apparently mic'd up.
Smooth, Mike Bennett. Real smooth.
This is not acepetable
you around/free on Monday to talk about those app ideas I have?
What can I say....sometimes not seeing where my friends are is better. ;)
God damn, Hermione why did u end up lovin Ron? I mean there was Harry all along!
Ha! I'm guessing would opt for a beer instead. ;-)
Yeah man i love them one of my favorites
Sounds good! :D
im supposed 2 be taking a class Scape 2 help get ready for #EOG's but im not hahahah
LOL I think it is more they don't know how to secure their network :-)
"I DONT DO ALL THE TALKIN" ADD that before I add it to mine. Hit me back so I can show u my shirts. They are Nasty Quotes!
"Hitch your wagon to a star." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
I need to go to the gym, but laying on the couch watching boy meets world sounds so much better...
lol, anyone want to s4s with CATS?
I was at the mall yesterday & a lady walked by me twice with her shirt being too small/tight. She had a pony cake & a happy trail. So gross!
what's a real hoot is my mom said there is some list of "hot gingers" and I'm on it on imdb.Funny stuff.
One of my students needs me to help him write a song about diversity for a class. Now..How to include an old old wooden ship in the lyrics?
I love suprised i wasnt already following him.
At game so keep me up on Milwaukee and
Possessess <== Funny word. Read a speaker bio that used the word twice. Looked odd, like the person is Possessed O__o
Chris Cameron quotes:... "The gold medal was icing on the cake, ... but the cake was real rotten!”
iam following her !
I <3 it!! Want to move to Naples!!
Fuckit. The GOP should just give Santorum the nomination. He wouldn't have a chance of standing up to Obama/
LOVE U MARIE...WE R COMMING OUT 2 VEGAS AT THE END OF MAY...SO HOPING U AND DONNIE R DOING UR SHOW THEN.....!!!!
Make listening to your customers part of your company culture - Warren Whitlock.
That chai latte might not have been the greatest thing in the world to consume, but it's given me the energy to run!
I'm going to be in town tomorrow - I can bring you some eggs if you want.
#first40songsonshuffle 20. all time low - damned if i do ya (damned if i don't)
woo!! *high fives*
IM ALREADY LOSING IT!!!! JXOSNDIDBOXBDLAJXISD
the Surly IT Guy trope got old, like, yesterday.
Making Macadabre take a cold bath with ice to solve his burnt penis problem 😂 I'm a great friend!
It's on like Donkey Kong.
But yeah, anyways.. how is everyone?
PickUpLine: Does God know you've escaped from Heaven? Come with me to my place. You can stay there until he calls looking for you.
no shes a bitch
distance yourself from the current field of GOP candidates running for pres.
I get kind of emotional when I watch :p I've watched every single episode and this is the last one ever
it's a triple date!
I don't want to put on uniform 😒 ugh
Someone at work today decided to include a male coder on a project email and left me off. I'm project lead. Have been for > a year
; RT if you love all your fans (;
By Twitter's very nature, we invite the voyeur into our lives. We're exhibitionists.
Sometimes I look at my friends and think to myself, "Where did I meet these crazy people?" But then I think "What would I do without them?"
yay! My stepdaughters are in love with that stuff! I'll be cool for 1/2 a minute if I pick one up for them!
Uhhhhhhghhh, m. I have a Melting pot-belly!
We are pumped and ready for the game tonight...are you?! Less go CATS!
princeton is taken so dont trip
Sign up to be part of our community on our website wildcanyongames.org and receive monthly e-newsletters!
Follow this girl ---> .... she's amazing, check her videos!! #followbackteam :)
Manila Millions Super High Roller 2012: Biggest Buy-In Ever at HKD$1,000,000
good nite world of twitter.com
#RIP Maurice Sendak, so many great memories with my dad reading your stories, you will be missed
at first I thought 'ah, so sweet' and then I read the lick her ass crack part, WTH??!!
End of school week >>>
Oh my gosh I cannot wait for Thanksgiving. I'm absolutely dying to cook, nosh and celebrate all my life's blessings. So thankful this year!
the Rangers #NYR are killing it this period. yay!!!
dance last night was a blast! wish you were there! but also— ouch.
Of the aruging & fighting & sht it's gettin old
Are you dealing with a crazy person? Rest assured... The crazy never stops!
Y'all get a chance check the talk about Google Glasses and tell me what y'all think..
hey boo, what classes do you have??
Thanks for the kind words! RT : <3 your tees!
Being single isn't easy. I mean, we do have to be careful.. We might flirt too much, haha.(:
What I want in my life is compassion, a flow between myself & others based on a mutual giving from the heart. ~Rosenberg, NVC
Congrats to
I can't wait to get matching sweatshirts👍👍👍💜💜✌✌
It's hard to express how they 'joy up' my knitting! Insanely wonderful!
Can we help explain anything?
That was not me with the Canon but I wish it was. My pics from the day are all on Instagram.
Whatever is done in the dark will come to light
no solid plans. last year we did Hollander.
Happy Birthday Rob Pattz! I hope today is special for you! :-) <33333
#ThoughtsDuringSchool If you can't read out loud in class , don't raise your fucking hand and volunteer. because we all want to shoot you.
I'm totally going to wear a fedora tomorrow. (Things I Think While Drinking Alone)
Giving up cursing with the roomies for lent. About to get creative with my word choice.
Niggas be fronting! I'm bout that life!
72 Dolphins also Miami..... hm
I saw the tweets coming in and that was enough for me. "I shouldn't have showered with those kids." No kidding.
thanks for the follow! Coffee?
hmm I mean that was kind of easy for Marlo but what are you going to do I guess. Hope she is not back though
man that's crazy, glad I don't know dude
Clear eyes, full hearts, can't lose. Why didn't I watch this when it was really on? Loving #netflix right now!
Decorating for Christmas w/o was NO FUN! SO wish we could ALL b together!
love it when they cut to the Tigers dugout and you can tell Leland is thirsting for a cig so bad tbh
RT All things are possible to he who has faith in himself, he who believes in his own abilities shall achieve.
Work off...FLORIDA ON!!!
Wait, let's think about this. "roll roll ya sniff twist it at the end" could go viral as a catch phrase.
I'm so grateful that church back home starts at 11. Church here is just way too early
We are live on THE HOME-BASED BUSINESS SHOW 1/7/11 at 9:00am PST "How To NAME Your Home-Based Business" Variety Channel - WORLDTALKRADIO.com
Happy Birthday Shout-out to Les Paul! May you be still rockin' it out from above!
Getting excited for a meeting with one of our favorite brides
I absolutely loved spending Easter with my brother up in West Lala. I have the best family ever!
Hacking my twitter Katie?
same ad agency? is the agency behind the new JC Penny ads the same as the old Target agency?
I luv how #Twitter defends ppls #tweets from our gov't etc.
could it be that you're targeting/hating on Pinterest because it's a "feminine" space compared to the mix-gendered Facebook?
Rae from giving a great talk on ArchaeoCart--quite a trooper, competing with construction noise outside!
thanks brother, spread the world!
Just putting the finishing touches on episode 2 of Super Duper. Coming May 1st.
dm your number
cutters the reinforcer football gloves | ReceivingGlovesz (USA)
In order to improve the mind, we ought less learn than to contemplate. - Descartes
law and order svu :)
Ladies Night tonight!!!!!! Reverse Happy Hour 7-11pm $5 drinks & $5 appetizers along with DJ Amp C cranking great music!!!!
UGH SO tired of being punished for my strength- shouldn't someone rise to the occasion instead of me stooping to down to his/her level?
Everyone!!! Go like Off-Key Booking!!
all the time he is good.
so beautiful outside! time for a run of course
Wow, a phone booth? They still exist? lol
Yay! MKE comes through!!! “: S/O from #Mke ~ Happy Birthday (well, in less than hour) ”
Happy #FF to our new friends at The friendliest ladies you'll ever meet...and they take gorgeous photographs to boot!
I need a Eurythmics cover of Harrison's Living in the Material World. Someone call Dave and , STAT.
omg I love buckwheat pancakes too ! but waffles it is !
Draft week! Are you following me, Mr. Thompson? We need more offensive lineman to protect #12 – bigger, faster, tougher and meaner!
RT : RT : Share the Love, Share the Harvest -- join us make fresh, organic, locally grown fruit & vegetables.
too bad i didnt get to see ya. i miss you so. enjoy SXSW!
Thanks to for a yummy KW chili lunch on #Larchmont!
I have seen it(
Wakin up is the hardest part of the day
Damn this dude took those shots like a beast...he lost but damn
Agreed! Wishbone and Nookies are also fabulous options.
man we bless enjoying kc. my lil man is already standing up and he's only 4months. First round draft pick lol on the way.
Never really wanted a relationship. I wanted someone to chill with and talk to.. just someone who's there for me when I needed him
Todays terrible person --> RT Obviously it sucks one of the Beastie Boys DIED, but their music SUCKED
Waiting to pick up my new glasses is as good a reason as any to have gelato for lunch.
OMG. FOUR MORE FOLLOWERS TILL I GET 500. :D
You're enjoying the sale day as much as I am, huh, Bill? Well played!
twitter is soo boring....
When the supermoon hits your eye like a big pizza pie...thats annoying...
Sweet Saddie #NP for my mama
write a book so I can improve my game. Thanks.
More guitar with Tim Pierce!
Is there still #HOPE? watch it unfold : #NC UPDATE: "Durham has finally started to come in. 15% in. 75% against."
Speaking of which, do you know how the series one cliffhanger was resolved? I missed it and I doubt it was a Moriarty three-way. ;(
RT : . championing : "The biggest problem in the academy is cowardice"
They sure are! Let us know if you want to set up a tasting or place a bulk order :)
Cl-Opens suck
don't forget the lettuce bits. gross.
I'm in overflow room still waiting for keynote to start!
Its takes a lot of courage for a girl to say I love you <3 But well here goes I love you.
Good Luck with the Colts !
Happy mothers day to all of joe mama's out there! :D
So hard to change profile pic on mobile twitter..
Boy what da f**k you want??
Aw, shucks! Thanks, sir.
I SEE...GREAT EXAMPLE!! RT Plenty of examples
For us, it's rather different crowd on each.
Supposed to be 81 degrees around six & a little cloudy so let's hope the whole day stays like this .!
With time, washed up comedic movie stars always seem to end up on Law & Order
Filed under the list of things I find extremely annoying: NPS sites using Twitter ONLY to tweet Facebook links. I'm begging, plz just stop!
I recommend a Packers koozie. Get one for yourself and a friend so you look like a team when you drink together.
Sunny but Cold here in Pdx - think I 'll wait on pruning roses in garden, any thoughts from master gardeners out there?
If you want to listen to "The Victor" by Keith Green, check it out on MySpace.
RT : Congratulations for winning dinner for 2 at Thanks for following & retweeting
Thanks, man. I should probably save that brotherhood of man shit for a congressional run, but I'm glad you dug it.
Hubby and I want to City Lights Theater last night and saw Hamlet. It was very good! I love that place!
I thought you were at the mariners game
#gospursgo escape with win in OT- Grizzlies are playing better both offensively and defensively; but SA found a way to win. Back to TN.
Have you attempted SQL apps at all?
Isn't it supposed to be the 1st day of Fall/Autumn???
You know, I love the Packers. How can I buy shares in them?
Fact: It's 28th birthday. Also fact: His mom's nickname for him is Cute Baby Nathan and still used today. Happy Bday, CBN.
Rain is relaxing ! good for the soul & the lawn!!
Erika, beautiful!! Keep it up!!
We do Variance Plaster. So beautiful on my kitchen....color is Porpoise! The color makes my cabinets pop.
lol! I got it. Some People just don't have good motives in life.
Thirsty for scintillating conversation with the most interesting people in DC? Who's up for a #dcdrinkup the week of January 16?
That amazing moment when you talked someone out of suicide. <3
If you had to be stuck on a boat with one of the boyz who would it be ? #12345 :D !
oh mena things are so great I honestly haven't been this happy since Michael
I need some help with a bill problem, ready to cancel service, any way to get some help?
thank you so much. I really enjoyed being part of the project!
Thank you advertisements and docudramas for educating us all that actors are not real people. I guess I am a unicorn.
i have no memory of who i once was, and i don't remember your name.
Purpose gives birth to hope and instills the passion to act.
Latinas are the fastest growing demographic in the workplace.
Agree : Cowboys and Aliens was pretty terrible.
He was protesting what he says is a corrupt BCS system of selecting the teams.
S/O to & for following. whats new guys?
Rob one of my biggest dreams it to talk to you so will you follow me and just like say hey or somethin please
History Channel. #USA #1 Boom
You can't fuck wit the #Bulls bitches!!!
Anytime, great night!
New Year's SUPER SALE! Book this week and save 75% off any event in January or February!!! This week only!!!
“Stick with friends who saw you, when nobody else did, and who were true from the very start.”
we're getting the gang back together!!
My mom is tryna preach to me n
+1 RT : Took turning 25 to earn the wife's Twitter endorsement. #wisdom RT #FF Why? It's his birthday, yo!
Nothin like drinking some tea. To help me feel better.
Rear-ended on the way to school, it was just a tiny fender bender, but still stressful.
juan williams trending on #twitter mission accomplished #scdebate...on another note #bigfoot and gong show also trending
I can't see it from my phone!
FaceTimed for the
EmMontartii atleast you don't have to deal with them in a daily basis and for the next year and a half.
Chase pissed me off 6 transactions to get my $$$...
Things are moving!
I searched state of the union on here and it amazes me that people continue to be so inspired by things he continues to say
lol, totally just got an email saying that HENRY ROLLINS is a keynote at ACRL 2013. yes, that's an academic library conference.
doing her thang! Love it.
Leave #SameSexMarriage up to states is #BS! What about Womens Voting Rights, Interracial Marriage, the ADA Act, Civil Rights, Slavery??
Real Eyes , Realize , Real Lies . Open your eyes and realize who your real friends are because if all they do is lie their not real friends
lol @ tweet everybody the way you want to be tweeted!
Back in DC, missing the great State of Texas and all its glory #fb can't believe I missed out on :( :(
"Just do it and do it and do it and do it...!"
": The best portion of a good man's life is in his little nameless, unremembered acts of kindness & of love. -W.Wordsworth"
I hope they fly the Marilyn Monroe statue out of #Chicago on the back of a 747 like they did with the space shuttle.
I feel ya.
PCD so much.
it will be!
please follow me? Thanks! :)
Need to do somethin over break
What's up with the US soccer team?!?!?!?
“: Almost left home with no shirt. Is that a sign today's going I be an interesting day?” better than no pants...
Love Today's post ---It's all about the Color Orange.
AW....tht just put the biggest smile on my face!!!
haha dude all that stuff is normal shit
Looks like a staycation instead of a vacation
Yeah I know same, have fun with Barbara from the hip replacement clinic, give her one from me! <3
I just don't understand you Dukies.
I leave tomorrow to attend the #OAH2012 conference in Milwaukee. So excited to return to my old stomping grounds !
Why is it every time I see a homeless person I automatically feel like an asshole for not carrying cash? :(
I want some sweet frog.
Where in Oklahoma? It's really hot here! Haha
lol my son loves that too. He sings it al day!!!
I miss that sweet little man and his ability to procure coffee and milk out of thin air.
Every time I see a new person at the gate, I will speak to them in a different accent just to confuse them
DJ! Thx 4 the follow! We hope u have a chance 2 dig u some Secret Skwirl! Best & Success!
follow back please?
"Help me Jesus! Help me Opra!"
RT : Moms of twins/triplets can save $675 right now on our au pair program costs. website rcolley.aupairnews.com
At neko case concert. She's playing a harry nelson cover. Sounds really good.
Today is a great day. just found out that i'm going to 's concert in canfield, OH YEEEESSSSS!!!!! It's amazing!!!
I think it's wisdom. Too many people have been inadvertently "killed" via Twitter in an effort to break news.
I'm done with this fucking shit.
the need for the union has been outdated for decades. #Reaganomics only mobsters & those on the inside benefit
they switched hotels. we're hoping we're outside the right one(:
Jeff is there a deal with Mpls City? Call our WCCO Radio newsroom.
not sure why it didn't go through last night...time for a new phone!
Just finished my first rehearsal with an awesome band I may be gigging with here in the Bay! Wooot!
Ah. My ear still hurts. :/
#didyouknow The California Roll was made in America (LA to be exact) during the 1960s.
": The amount of caffeine I consume daily can not be healthy." especially today
JEALOUS! Merry Christmas to two of my favorite people!!
lol Idk but he should be fired
How much deeper would the ocean be if sponges didn't grow in it?
#milwaukee We are introducing a new display and new products in our electrical department! Stop in and take a look!
You can still buy a home today with Zero Down USDA loans, contact Community Mortgage 877-829-7161, Indiana Lender
Thanks. After talking w/ other authors and editors, I finally decided to do Twitter. Have to find a decent pic.
The two greatest words in sports. Game. 7.
Purchase a downloadable gift certificate online. It's not too late! W.loyalteeshirts.com
“There are no secrets to success. It is the result of preparation, hard work, learning from failure.”~ Colin Powell
Hello...""Appetite for Life" by Noel Riley Fitch
So when is the blogger party 2 #BEA!!!!
I HAYE WAITING!!! JOSE GOSH!!!! LMAO
Check out my project "Dollar and a Dream," available on itunes, cdbaby, sony, napster and wherever u buy CDs
girls are known as hoes for guys. guys are known as players for girls. #TRUE SHIT.
Hehe Taylor L. Just got slimed! He looks hot, green.
hey - thank you!
Haldex announces new organizational structure and new members of the Group ... - MarketWatch (press release)
just checking if you got the forum email?
I can't help it, I'm addicted to the rubberbands...
Parked my car and stepped out of it right into a huge deep puddle of filthy water. I thought that only happened on tv. :(
I love them days drink up lets get drunk &throw up in the car... Are you bleeding can't think about sex... I heart you guys
I am so tired of writing words. Please make it stop.
FUCK THE COWBOYS PERIOD.
I'm on plane now with Georgia St team and they all have Beats headphones. What do u and the Dawgs have for traveling?
Been outta the tweet scene for a few working on a project... What'd I miss???
you're so cute. Missed having you on tv every week!
welcome back, bro
'cause there's not a workable mobile plat for locating collection items? As a way to use 7yr machines? Some peeps r only in 4 bks?
Donath on Raj: Focus of both sides' now shifts to arguing over the $$ Raj received from unlawful trades.
Taylor's car makes me nauseous.
Seriously, though, 5 minutes for onions? Ha!
Rivalry. Born of repetition.
Don't worry - I have class tonight so I can't read until later!
What did I even spend $20 on tonight?
Nice! How'd you land that?
yes I should be enjoying Seattle's very short summer nights not hanging out in the office getting my sunlight from a screen
“: sick of people falling over themselves praising the Girl w/ Dragon Tattoo: its a male fantasy version of a strong woman.”-agreed
Oh these times are hard, and they're makin us crazy don't give up on me baby
I predict that in the next 20 years an individuals browser preference will be synonymous with their political beliefs.
Clearly, Mike Sherman didn't give the Baylor halftime speech. Impressive drive by Bears gives 'em a 31-24 lead.
what are you bringin for french?
How long are you in town for? We'll be in the kitchen tomorrow. We could work something out!
Oh dear!! this sounds #lionel already!! Been far far too long!
What others think about is not important. What you think about yourself means everything. (:
But I'm Going To Be Mean About It If He Keeps Doing It
I'd still like Apple to consider Cougar.
Alexander McQueen wrote his suicide note on a catalog of Wolfe von Lenkiewicz's work. spoke to Lenkiewicz in bit.ly/afterzine2
Rule is stupid. Refs shouldn't decide the game. Neither they nor the half-assed rules are bigger than the competition.
One 10-hour drive, one 3-hour plane ride and two 2-hour bus rides later, we made it to the wet bar and hammocks of La Fortuna, Costa Rica.
Brother is trying on his Prom clothes, I love his turquoise shirt! :D
yeah, I can't picture telling my clients "I'm going offline for a year. Please still pay me."
oh mother.. lollipop lollipop
Now I gotta find a new barber. I just can't deal. I coulda swore I said 4:30
To all the hampden folk, food has been served, get down here quick. To High Rollers, I have your prize
When you gonna release Standing on the moon?
party only once every four years! :)<---I guess making it to social security age is out of the question
It's 2012. Are there really still websites that haven't figured out how to allow you to save a password in your browser?
we won't be packed until then either! Can't believe it's in just a couple days! Yay!
Can't wait to see what Chef Kurt from cooks up on #KUSI tomorrow with and - don't miss it!
sent you a dm.
ah wish we could've.... it was amazing!! :)
#nowplaying Mario Ft Fab "how do I breathe"
Best line on tonight's #FashionPolice: "She looks like the president of the Hair Club for Skanks." -- Joan Rivers
Blowing off some steam with
The 4th of July is right around the corner--give a patriotic candy arrangement as a gift to a soldier you may know
No problem. Its what I do!
settling in. :)
God said YES YOU CAN...just wasnt my time.
awesome training! Sorry had 2 run out! Think I left my. Sunglasses!
thanks darling I miss you!!!! :)
Peanuts are in fact not a nut. Peanuts are legumes, which contain the properties of both a bean or lentil.
do a single digit if u can't do 1, do 2!
Let's go to the beach!
Thank you for following me!! A total dream come true!!! <3
Thanks for the kind words, Dan. They mean a lot! Enjoyed getting to know you as well.
thought it was a new Bluetooth lmao :D
#oessinsight Teresa Anderson on collaboration and "black ops" IT, invisible work, role of librarians
I THINK I SEEN THE SUPERMOON LAST NIGHT BUT IT WAS HANGING OUT THE WINDOW OF A CAR
I live a healthy lifestyle and feel great
It's only 10am looks like I'm heading back under my blankets and going mimis.
"Titanic 2: still holding" ( never let go )
is its bad if the first thing u do wen u wake up is roll up a blunt lol
The joy of Christmas is greatly experienced when you get the blessing of hanging w/ children like my niece Atalie. Merry Christmas!!!
Oh No! We're being followed by the ! (thank you occifer)
This is gorgeous! Where were you?
“: Goddamnit I hate Mustangs.” fuckin right!
Just the two of us... u and I
IT'S MY BIRTHDAY TODAY AUSTIN!!!!💜
WILL NEVER KNOW HOW MUCH I CRYED CUZ NOBODY WILL TAKE ME TO MILWAUKEE TO SEE HIM, I'D EVEN BUY VIP TICKET. I LOVE YOU CODY 1
I'm a veteran when it comes down to having bad things happen after another. I'm still standing ⚓ strong.
I Love You
#Knicks Lets start fresh next year
Tonight's win in NY26 has more to do w/ braisen GOP tactics to cut #Medicare than Dems vision. Good news - voters won't tolerate
is thankful for all the reasons it's worth it. Here's wishing you all a bountiful Thanksgiving!
Testing text_to_twitter while waiting for train
#FF: For tips on #advertising, #PR, #socialmedia and more:
Follow Miss everybody. :)
UGH!! I know. I was about to get all loc on him. ": I would have knocked him out then called the cops!"
so her mom said "that girl needs birth control in a pez dispenser!" And my friend was like "No, actually. She's a really -c-
>> We Are Providers of Quality Gifts For Him And Quality #Gifts For Her…Discounts...Excellent 100% Return Policy! #FREE Shipping
INS'T instead of ISN'T.
No, no But there were a few Congresswomen there! “: Hello! You were addressing Congress again? #Motorama”
QUESTION OF THE DAY: Who does God say that You are?
Not by looks, bc Lubick much bigger, but John Havlicek...dude made money off of setting picks
Often the letter-writers (fans, sycophants, friends of friends) mean to be polite, too. Then they fail.
is out of town for work, so I'm left alone to relax.
aww damn! You gotta strap on chick?
I heart us Reds fans. :-)
u got Qool # just hit him. Check ur DM
WOW I HATE WHEN PEOPLE ASSUME I LIKE SWS BECAUSE KELLIN IS CUTE NO YOU'RE DUMB
you are a bit too jamaican.
Remember and honor the legacy of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr.
* Waiting for the bus. Ugh, its fucking lagging it, Imma be late to school. -.-
who ever wants to game hard hit me up :)
Just because I asked u for yo number don't mean imma call u
That awkward moment when you trip while walking alone and don't know whether to laugh or sprint
Hey me and are on our way to find your house in Nashville!! We'd love a retweet
I hate when parking sucks so much that I double park by my house so I can run in to pee....
follow us! and our merch guy
S/o to the worst driver ever, and even though u missed it for showing up today
NOW BOOKING APPOINTMENTS FOR HOMECOMING-makeup, lashes, brows very affordable pricing
I'll totally share just not over here
RT : It doesn't matter how many people are following you. It matters who listens to you.
Jacobs Pavilion. It's downtown Cleveland, behind the Power House. Let me know if you want tickets.
Newt to Mitt: "Drop the pious baloney." There's the Gingrich we all know and love!
just finished my last paper of the semester... FUCK. YES.
my stalker<3
its very strange now he is singing!!!.
RT " For those asking, I could give a shit about Obama the man/myth. I'm voting for him for ACA, SCOTUS noms & education."
Buy one Sales Rack and receive 20 Select hangers for FREE!!!
This weeks soccer camp is officially over. Thanks to all the players, trainers and staff!
and not one person called to say other wise so plz believe when i say this family as of right is cut off so FUCK YOU BITCHES
lol Nowhere, still here doin the same shit :/ lol where you been ??
RT : first we heard universal or u-commerce. now a pr person just pitched me on "omni-commerce."
Harry Nilsson, I have no idea what I would do without your tunes. Really hits the nail on the head.
Great, thanks!
Ingersoll-Rand stock has jumped by over 5% on news that activist investor Nelson Peltz has purchased shares of more than 7% in the company.
Will one of you provide me links for the tickets that I need to purchase?
U got me shine like the sun n the sky guttah that wat the call me spending money like I'm on TV
At first coffee was usually drank by Arab Sufi monks, but by the 15th century it was being used by everybody.
. thanks for the shout out for the piece! We're hella excited to start
hope the site jobs you gained are helping. Are you purely freelance and able to work around conventions? Because the man owns me.
Thx everyone that came out to rock and support us last night at Evil Olive. It means so much to us. You guys R O C K!
Dear Twitter, I'm abusing you. </3 love, the person who barley tweets.
S/o to my new followers..and Happy Friday! A lot of people in town for HU homecoming..WELCOME!! Have a safe weekend..im going out to play!!!
#Kentucky over #Kansas. #College Basketball
Wanna hear from great music? Log onto Mix969.com and listen to the 's Patrick on the radio til 5p et. Dude is multi talented!
#IThankGod for the blessings we are about to receive. :)
12 hour workday means no work on , but now that I have 1k rep there, time to make moar edits! yay!
sending out happy thoughts to inventor of RefWorks...on pt 2 of 3-part project...
#WhoCares if her tits are bigger than yours, You're still beautiful
Jim Ross wrote on Twitter that there will be a Raw this is what he wrote I shall appear on Raw and I accept the challenge by Michael Cole
#ThingsBlackPeopleGetArrestedFor resisting arrest & taking off ( RUN ) Lol.
And he's a millionaire! RT : ironic, why did you refuse a 6% pay cut?
#Broncos trade 87th pick and 120th pick to get 67th pick. They select RB Ronnie Hillman from San Diego State.
I get that about alcatraz. I find it hard to belive house could practice after the car thing.
chillin over my homeboy house on the WESTSIDE ATL
thanks and what do you mean?
Greetings. Much more to tell you about Las Vegas. Maybe #raffel and will add some color. sounds great.
Of course! Still in love with your electronics?? some things never change...
Good morning twitter follow me n I will follow back :)
I must be sick, 'cause I've ordered delivery from Zifty and am watching the Shat on CBS.
Very interesting crowed sourcing superbowl TV commercial reviews live time, watch commercial then Twitter
lol my bad I forgot.
what's wrong? :|
Oh, that's easy then. I should be there when you are, I hope.
Thank you so much! And I love yours too ;) :')
i love this weather... the only thing that sucks is the fact that my knee hurts so much!!
P.S. Congrats on hiring Ryan Duguid! You guys are so fortunate to have him!
Thanks for the RT, Bryan! Hope you're doing well!
Boom goes the dynamite!!! Who's ready for the biggest party of the year?!?! New Years Eve 2k12
vegetable gardening tips
Gonna get ready for school ~.~
??? ": Interesting opportunities to think about"
Just wrote a research paper on for my music business class. His brand synergy is phenomenal.
I see people in the game with not 1 ounce of talent... ole wanna be apart of somethin ass fools!! SMH
All moved into HQ. We'll be there everyday starting tomorrow!
When I delete someone from the contacts in my phone, it feels like I'm deleting that person from existence.
I guess the walls have ears.
Trying to respond re your new book
...Heart attack averted. Go SDSU!
So drafting. Yeah.
Actually feel very sorry for Donald Trump's wife tonight. She looks like an old hooker. Can't someone help her dress??
Getting ready to film the first scenes today
Now it's broken again.
#DrinkLocal dinner at the Governor's Mansion is on point! Too many twitter friends here to even mention, but we are doin it right!
Cant wait for the first chapter of Fall For You its gonna be amazing I know it. :) Have fun seeing Burnham tomorrow to :D!
I'll gladly pay you $4 for answers today. (That's four, count 'em, four smackers, in your pocket. No one has to know.)
In NYSHITTY for a home security commercial audition. I pulled a redeye last night from SFO. Lord grant me the strength not to kill anyone!!
He and his voice will be missed! Just heard him at the game on Sunday. Thoughts and prayers to all of his family and friends.
I now realize my unlimited data plan poses no risk to since I can't get a 3G/4G data signal in Chicago anymore.
900 words left to go on this stupid 1,000 word essay project ... YEE-__-
That worked. Thanks!
I hate not remembering what I said
what #40DAYS are you kidding me? You want us to wait for #40Days duh, it's impossible:(
Fair enough!
I need one of those signed!
It'll be quick. It's only 2 minutes :)
Will be playing in that area. Wont be going downtown.
Anyone want to OCCUPY Mainstreet Pub w/me this afternoon?
ATL is so cold and they call it hotlanta - where is the hot in the Atlanta
Thanks for buying the book and for the tweet!
I really enjoy reading your blog, it's a refreshing perspective vs the sensationalism of mainstream media
Dex: Dear insecure girls everywhere, you're not ugly, society is. Sincerely, The truth.
Oh man, red robin. can't eat another bite. Bbq chicken wrap so good
yea but you used to could just order a space based on your frame and crank set
In the lab time work
These people follow back :) FOLLOW THEM!
Well then, a warm hello to the fellow New Englanders!
Hey #republicans You can not be #prolife and be #prowar and antihealthcare
thank you, Allagash Black, thank you
Are you our goalie for tomm?
"Trader Joe's is a great place to pick up women." , while having hand surgery.
no way he pulls an actual 1st half "uggla"...but I agree that his numbers will be significantly lower than his career avg
Can't wait for this weekend. Thank you for kicking off the Downtown Alive event..www.facebook.com/events/377967948895204/
I adore so much.
and the nuggets are out in the 1st round again. but its my team. i've sat through it all.
when you get that Aston Martin, I want a ride.
lol, i was about to say ..
WOW I cant believe that!! I love Millennium!! #Millennium13Years!!
Dollar deals!!
I can honestly say I do NOT want to take spring pictures tomorrow. Too lazy to get cute.
In other news, OMG, is this a Twitter war?! Color me psyched.
How do you correct someone who makes a stupid statement about a classic trio of rappers, without sounding like a pretentious d bag?
damn it so close!!!
The Westboro Baptist Church is coming to campus this afternoon, to protest outside the Hillel center! Can't believe it. Too bad I must miss.
Staff photos done. Next phase: world domination.
NOTE TO SELF: Apparently being covered in sand and smelling like booze is a red flag to airport security.
Ethan said it was wild cheers for LeBron, you say 50/50 mix. Which one is it?
That Mucinex works fast. Now it's the perfect time to spit at people.
I just posted new casting, Broadway auditions, and local news on the Virginia Actors Forum newsfeed and page. Go!
thanks for following me!
please follow she is you biggest fan!100
Final: Kane County 4, Beloit 3. Sano with a 2-run HR, but he was in the on deck circle when the game ended. Too bad.
Nuggets are ready for tomorrow against lakers hopefully it doesn't get cancelled.
Ahaha my coworkers just tried to prank call me. Except they forgot there is caller ID. I love them.
Have a great day everyone! :) btw where is my NY buddy?! lol Be back later! xoxo
RT : I'm a family man...so dont cross that line where my family stand
Hey dudes. I just finished a new song tonight. I'll have the link up for it later on today ^_^
All these doctoral students and their fellowships make me so maaaadddddddd. Grrrrrrrrrr
Can't wait till the day I divorce AT&T
#Idol shocker
We carry Bertch Legacy, Custom, & Bath. We also carry Wellborne Forest & IKS
I am the Lord your God who upholds your right hand, who says to you, "Do not fear, I will help you." -Isaiah 41:13
Eric Hellman is up w/ "The Network is Overrated". Be sure to check out Interesting ideas
Let me know. We have a wealth of knowledge on this subject. I could dispute your GPA comment but we'll talk another day,Peace
very lucky! Thats awesome
Oh, SSRN, where have you been all my life?!?
Greg Giraldo was so funny and so smart and so good. Dangnabbit.
once again, works for me. Lol
I hear that you are going to be teaching a class in Anchorage.
Day of hot kitchen = no move from couch. Also, Steak.
I like goodwill
Next destination: npark, then american airlines center
We're gearing up for the ! We're giving away something every day at our booth... from concert tickets to gift cards!
Excited to be interviewing () tomorrow! Send us any last minute Qs u hav: thebizden #WeLoveEntrepreneurs :)
Chill-dren of the Corn
It's a great course, I took it last year.
YOU BETTER COME
Post-Mother's Day chocolate crash.
RT D.Wade is Michael; Chris Bosh is Randy; LeBron is Namond; the Cavaliers r Dookie. This is Season 4 of The Wire.
that's when I bust out with my joker card... TLC
Nothing is more despicable than respect based on fear.
Watching documentaries and relaxing
i just reinstated my SAA membership....
I wanna rock.....snoop dogg (the kings g-mix)
Detroit Tigers game tonight. Justin Verlander looking for his 21st win this year.
The doors are open!
Thanks for saying so articulately in your essay on women and the patriarchy. Right on!
I missed the season finale for Grey's Anatomy tonight.
Watching ESPN college basketball on the USS Carl Vinson...awesome idea to celebrate our troops!
I beat you in biggest smile and Alexi in biggest eyes in the same photo! What are the odds...
HAPPY BIRTHDAY !!! Hugs n kisses but mostly kisses😘
It would be cool if she ran a Newt Gingrich campaign - just show up lightly-prepared with no staff and opinionate celebritastically
When I see WWDC, first thing that comes to mind is DC101 radio station instead of Apple developers conference.
Kick'n it at audition!
you guys have been playing great last 5 weeks where has that been in the beginning of the season?
I'm trying to get fucked up tomorrow and Saturday.
valley view rec center(: GO ON MY FB AND LOOK AT MY ALBUM.
We've be practicing the art for 20 years, no less.
Outdoor, I live in VA. The front of my house, where I'd like to plant, doesn't get sunlight until late in the day.
Job Alert! DIRECTOR / HEAD OF #MUSEUM- Regional Museum Bremervörde, Germany - email Stefan Hesse,
Covering the Arkansas vs Oklahoma gymnastics meet today for Very excited to be a credentialed media outlet!
Easter Bunny Breakfast is almost sold out! Tickets sales END at 3pm today. 410-752-2462 x221.
2/28/1776->B Bassett:Thank you for the attention paid to my landed affairs on the Ohio, as in the worst event they will serve for an Asylum
cant sleep for shit
#irallstars Gilman : people can no longer categorize library which leads to dialogue. "We don't know what you do. Can you do this for us? "
I may have to try this! RT I make videos for my YouTube Channel from my desk w/ a video cam. Use iMovie to edit!
Indiana killing Miami and i love it. keep sleepin on the pacers
Magazine headlines at the checkout counter: diets, flat sexy abs, and COOKIE RECIPE BLOWOUT!!!
Thanks, Fake Cam. Appreciate the support and notice!
A bit of gardening, some weaving and hawk watching, while I finished a basket. So went my day, in the sunny, breezy, Florida winter time.
EMS BOLD IS PUNCH IN THE FACE !
live in portland & love to text? you could make a $100 dollars by participating in an focus group hosted by 970-361-1500
No more Boos for world peace lol
Longest set of updates ever. Still waiting for my computer to power up.
Chewy wanna just wake up now...
#SoListen is number 40 in the pop category on iTunes! we can't get enough of this song! SO GOOD(:
Wake bake n phish
You sure?
Rough start to my softball career. game winner to pick me up. Gotta get my head out of my ass next time.
Reason to use Social Media Case #4 of 5 Distributed Brand Presence: Multiple brands/locations, scalable SM
.: Pay attention to the people that help you when you're low, so you know who to ignore when you're at your high.
Also, they've got new Thunderbolt 6tb that might be worth looking at - pricey, though
I love my life made in lex #sohappy #lovelex #😍😍😃😃
Why is the monsters' football pitch wet?Because the players keep dribbling on it.
Is anyone seeing this child tanning segment on ? How gross is that mom's skin?
I always have a good feeling about the proposal when I'm laughing at how crappy the past solutions were.
the only logical response if we lose is for me to drown myself at Hilton head this weekend. N I don't mean in the ocean
wise words! :)
myself & 12 other students are very excited for tomorrow!
gonna be a causal saturday. X l
Playing the Turning Stone Empire State Hold'em Main Event starting Saturday. May play some side events on Tue/wed If I bust early.
cool! she have a great advantage if she takes some tips from you
Teen Wolf season 2? yes please.
yes! What size?
Let's Go Orange. Break that tie
Seeing WCAR for the first and probably last time on Friday
the old quote goes "Don't get your Dauber Down" Roger Craig SF Giants mngr in the early 80's
If they won't fight for you then it's not real
... my wife is watching #CountryMusicAwards & I'm depending on 's Luke Jones for Wrestlemania updates !!!!
Woof. Need a palate cleanser after that last one. Going to try a little Blood Night the Legend of Mary Hatchet.
Bow ties are cool
Thrilled for a work at home day! ...Soon happy for the protests and popular rebellion in Egypt, against the US-backed authoritarian gov
aramis rameirez finally has a clutch hit.. gotta give credit when credit is due... now start hitting the ball you overpaid bum.
My phone don't get no love no more what happen
Thanks Nick - you're very kind!
Why is same sex marraige so frightening to some? I truly don't get it. How does it hurt people?
if have said once have said 1 mill times. old school. plain. the original. #sendmesomepainperdu #doesn'tfamilymeananythingtoyou?
It's Migne 6.182 if you have online access at your school
Check Ya Mail Homie
ran a pretty good race today. 16:24 5k. That's a 29 second overall PR, and a 45 second season PR.
I said as she ages, watch! :)
Our drum was falling apart, so we duct-taped it. Good as new
Pls see -- good stuff.
caring will never be a flaw. That is so wonderfully human and natural!
Should I get a wireless keyboard for my iPad2? Are they reliable? Any complaints?
I cannot give you something so special and then just leave. I can't.
Life begins at the end of your comfort zone
I laugh every time I read this.
Love that doc.!!
Almost just lost my ipod to the sewer people >.<
did he have any thoughts Internet products based largely on user-created content?
Don't forget about our beer and chocolate tasting on feb 11th.... We've still got a cpl spots left if u wanna RSVP!
Woo! RT : Tonight in LAREDO! at COSMOS... at AGAVE AZUL... (Future Rockstar Boy) at CODIGO
Uhm okay nah , creepy :o
Time for some weekend fun! The most high energy party in #Pittsburgh happens Some tables still avail -
#sales "tips" and "techniques" are useless without the correct mental/emotional foundation. Can't build the roof first. #psychology baby.
Nope. It's the improved you. RT : Holy shit someone created a parody account of me?
great! Very excited you'll be here.
Just watched 's #Justplanecrazy & I'm still excited about the job! Let's keep it normal out there, ppl...
I honestly don't even care anymore... If I fail, I fail (the test). I seriously an 80% right now. ;alfkjasdfkj
so much fun, Robin! Loved catching up with you. Hope you had an easier time getting home.
Ever sing while waiting for a conference call to start? I do, but keep the phone on mute.
Hockey Question: Do coaches really get mad at players for fighting? Or is it a show?
Just back from Sedona, AZ. Getting up at 6:00am to hike is the best. The colors are something else.
Mid-week hustle, make it count!
Re: Classic Photography is not Dead. When did wedding photography become classical photography? Not dead but moribund. Let go
He makes like halfcourt shots
girls taking pictures in their bikinis lol #attentionwhores #slut #$mh
I'm hiding from because I have neglected our love affair and don't want to face the reality that he might have moved on
If you want to recapture your youth, just cut off his allowance. - Al Bernstein
To understand the heart and mind of a person, look not at what he has already achieved, but at what he aspires to.
I will don't you worry. Got to let them rest a bit. This #texas heat is a killer :)
#inmiddleschool all the guys were UGLY
eww the fuck she needs to pull those pants up & get her ass off tht guy shes looks a bit trashy
This is hilarious guys...check out this site and it will make your day!
Just liked Find Me Fans... What a great site! Make sure to LIKE them to see all the amazing sites!!
If Barbie is so popular, why do you have to buy her friends?
it was beautiful I love what u and lamar have and I hope one I get that :)
At the zoo...i mean waiting outside for the concert. If students need 2 b here early parents should b allowed in 2.
holly your pretty we have blue eyes like that becuase we wear certain makeup you pretty just experiment on yourself thats (c)
I feel the same way about the ! Ha! :)
Hey, I heard you were a wild one...
text me
Tonight. with the Paul Weitz Trio at the Backroom in Canoga Park, Ca at 8:00pm
you got mail
“The emails sent from an MPS account constitutes a violation of our policies,” wrote an MPS official to WR.
i think i have finally found that missing feeling again.. nah better yet i have def found it. Be jelouse.. nut up or shut up!
Don't rely on someone else for your happiness and self worth. only you can be responsible for that. If you can't love.
Even though your 18 month old speaks just a few words, he knows about 50 and is learning more everyday.
I love all our close uppers!!! <-- if that's even a word!!!
At Photo Center NW: "Proof of Homosexuality in Nature" is a must-see!
Totally agree! RT : good point. hence why it is refreshing finding clients that are looking ahead.
oh mAH GAWD can I get that recipe
So glad you sent a message. I thought I saw your email on the blackberry but can't find it now...:(
Did just call out for his tweet about #badgers, and tell him to call his cell? #arrogance at it's highest.
Bylsma: "We finally got what looks more like a playoff game tonight."
HIRING: Sr. Outlet Buyer (5+yrs exp) & Assoc. Buyer @ Hugo Boss (1-3 yrs exp) men's exp. is a must! Email your resume:
Cities can now use mobile survey for real time citizen feedback. These responses will help foster municipal innovation & efficiency.
Nervous as fuck.....
Neeato, finally the entire gang is all hear. We sure have come a long way
please follow back? My twitter messed up & now you aren't following me:'( could this day get any worse
Thank goodness for nice weather.
How is Business.. Miss chatting with you.. We all still need to get out and grab that Sushi..
No I'm not at the game, you'd think both and I are there the way it's going, this is beyond words
RT : Playing Smokin' Hot Aces in the Plazzo right now. This place is dope. Expect to see big things come out of this joint.
Harold Melvin & The Blue Notes - If You Don't Know Me By Now (w/ Teddy Pendergrass) - 09:05 PM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
Big day in the world of #sports media RT : It's OFFICIAL. Today VERSUS becomes the NBC Sports Network.
we need your help spreading the word about UNDAWAREness PINK PANTIES FOR BREAST CANCER RESEARCH. tweet about us ~ tell your friends
just promise when the sun merges with the night, your love for me won't fade just as quick as all the light.
Sad. We have out time after the game. “ im leaving with youre coming. bummer. have fun!”
Hey whats up buddy? Check me out on FB under Joey Dimaonds Fashion and under Jack JoeyDiamonds Standokes
Totally geeking out at a Maryland event in NYC celebrating their Alternative Breaks program. #studentaffairs at our best
Haha. Nice touch.
I remember that book! Totally for the name of it ):
when my dad played!!
Tonight's beer/movie combo: Dogma from & Kevin Smith's Red State. Why Dogma? Part nod to Smith and part selfishly forced pairing.
aiight pa I won't be
Reading those crazy stats last night caused me to rush a program this summer intead of doing it next summer. Yall will hear about it next wk
and I have decided that our dissertations need soundtracks. Because they do.
Work first play later
Good morning brrrr
say Happy Birthday Gabby Heckard? my birthday is in a month
CONGRATS on the new little man :) RT : Baby Henry is here! Congrats to Mr. and Mrs. Free Beer!
Wow I never thought I'd find someone like you , now that your here promise me you won't leave , I love you Chase Robert Scott Botts <3333333
Committee is delayed as many anti-Planned Parenthood audience members are removed from the room.
Still catching up on emails from the last few days...will get to everyone today. I promise!
Yeah, in fact, they've been publicly discussing it for a while. RT : I think Wikipedia planned this shit.
I am in such a good mood today!
nope Professors make you do a essay or two some Reaction papers and you're done !
Definitely like that mix. On shuffle, I'll go from Sam Cooke, to Led Zeppelin, to T.I, to George Strait, Green Day, to..??
Happy Mother's Day to you!! :-)
#20ThingsAboutMe #16: I was philosophical BEFORE facebook & twitter. lol
I didn't think that sentence would ever leave my mouth. Plus, apparently they play "Smelly Cat" on the radio at 4:30. That made my day!
Off to go shopping for my mother's belated mother's day gift!
wats he doin at the school
You don't have to be a good runner, just an interesting one.
Solid masonry? Same as ours, but with much original horsehair plaster. Repairs aren't hard if you have a good handyman.
rt "The first problem for all of us, men and women, is not to learn, but to unlearn." —Gloria Steinem
loving Skype today. Making work easier. Not sure why people fear IM.
where is here?
Enjoy RT : m Sushi time excellent
Just got my teeth cleaned, and my dentist said they looked pretty good. Celebrating by eating caramel candy.
thank you so much Marion! ... I am truly honored! Warmly, Jeris
Also don't mind test-tasting different wines.
I stand with M.I.A.!
Zotec Partners Takes Over Billing for Western North Carolina’s Largest Multi-Specialty Practice, Asheville Radiology ...
you are rocking that grey suite on the book cover! Can we look at properties on Saturday? Sweats and baseball caps style?
#WeAllGotThatOneFriend who drags you around to look at EVERYTHING in the museum... wait that's pretty much all of us EMPs!
<3 ": Blessed to see another God given day #Thankful"
love the new commercial shown in the X games-
forget her did you see the hot brunette in Matt Kalil's party? Damn!! Lol
Holy crap TVD is not even worth it anymore.
It keeps getting in my way!
Digging #stephencolbert on #morningjoe in Charleston.
How do you feel about taxpayers spending $500,000 to send Michelle Obama & Co to Africa?
And BTW... Thanks for the appreciation. It's nice to know I gave up my job and a month away from my parents to help someone who doesn't care
By 1960, what percentage of #American households owned a #television?
"Wankers And Bollocks" in the Morning....
I want to go to an Italian #Ristorante like the one in the Lady in the Tramp
Dear , You are awesome. It made me so happy to see you #geekingout with me this morning. all the way!
yeah, I need to party more.
came in a bag
Enough with a Caucus. #Iowa and #Nevada show the nation how NOT to select a #GOP nominee - or count.
Haha i figured, no judgement. Shes the orginal and i have no clue who The Jam is.
“: Private sector employment rises by 93,000 in November, biggest gain in 3 years, payroll processor ADP says. $$” good news :)
I assume you offer Spanish at HHS. Is there a way I could contact that teacher? I'm retiring, have materials for him/her.
hahahah i know right lame asses =]
My bad
Thanks for the RT
Old headline: Ya Gotta Bereave!
Is it secured bail this time (i.e., so he has to pay it up front to get out - unlike last time...)?
Happy #CincoDeMayo from the Revolver Staff! #Vegas join us for our Cinco De Drinko Event at 8p! $2500 Cash Giveaway!
Yeah dude I could do something in DC around 1215-1230 or so. Thoughts?
How is your day going? Eh...night! :) ?
Can I have a dispenser of your amazing strawberry preserves, please? :-) Husband loves them too and now we're out!
Well that went horrible.
first memory in a library - reading about mt. st. helens in my elementary school library. it was love at first site.
and again with the retweet now if only i could get this boy to follow me
gracias por el apoyo! RT : Found another push to elevate my Spanish beyond the survival level. Go !
don't think i am making it to the patio's tonight
wow my nba2k12 stopped working
What do Brad Gilderman, Bonnie McKee, Jamie Muhoberac, Michale Lloyd, Victoria Shaw Bill Aucoin, Gene Simmons, Shaun Cassidy have in common?
glad you're having a goof day :)
Lesson learned: Don't take a drink & read 's tweets at the same time. It's not pretty, friends.
do u like The Band Perry? :)
Man i wont see yhu. Cause ima be out of town for a week. And i leave tmmrw. How long you gon be at work?
thats some crazy shit right there
i do!
Hickies let them know that your with me 
WHOA LOOK WHO IT IS! I'm good and you little sis??
Do all u can, with all that u have, in the time that u have, in the place where u r.-Nkosi Johnson
“: Whats this for ?! RT : um .”i fucked up my fault
WTF was Mark thinking? Obviously not of his son who gets a second chance!!!
I believe Sam Cooke might be my new favorite singer of all-time.
I dont think it came i think it was something for my moms salon :(
I saw u at the poo u were swimming 🏊
wow, was it really photoshop's 20th birthday on Friday? still have a copy of 4.0 somewhere around here.
Bur-r-r-r-r. Great picture!
haha youre not the first angel fan to take offense to that tweet...hes got a lot of ground to make up i'll say that
4-2 #Arsenal. Lovely. Such a Theo goal too. Awful first touch or two, but was only in that great position because of his pace & class finish
I love when a girl knows when to STFU! got points with me and probably Plenty other niggas.
lol i hate people like that;)
Thanks for the Follow!
Like the Jones pick. Pats should have addressed the DE / OLB slot for several years now.
that is awesome!!!
goodbye ruined it
he is horrible
Well I did. AND I watched their wedding video.
Ah anniversary's, today's my 1 year with
Those tests were for the new Tumblr-Facebook sharing feature, which is new and improved. Great work, !
I think I need to watch TV a bit more📺"
nah its okay! And LOOOOOOOOOL dead. Omfg. I was crying.
morning runs >>>
The thought of Joe on is Firebolt has just made me laugh out loud. Do they make "tall" models?
I don't feel loved.. Michael says you just wanna show off that you can get a girl.. And then break up with her for someone prettier.
Loved the film! Saw it at ,Sat in back of your parents and sister. DIrector Q & A was great!
m espresso
I think i'm bi-polar
I really wish some people came with an instructional manual because some things about them I will never understand. ......
Anyone with thin hair is going to be psyched about the Invati line from out Jan. Lots of data on turmeric triggering hair growth.
I hurt all over... Sheer exhaustion-bed time already
Wow Lions got screwed!!
Adrian Fenty delivering keynote at summit!
rt this if you love sarah<33
Guys it's May. And May means Bamboozle. And Bamboozle means it's the best time of the year.
Maybe cause it gots all our guys in one?!?!?!?
For those of you who don't vote for a catholic or christian president: it's called freedom of religion!
Words cannot express how happy I am :)
Haha, white button-down shirt, pleated skirt, black jacket, ponytail. I'm all set.
R u aware of separation of powers. Judiciary is the 1 that interprets constitution & the laws dear.
Great post, Allen! ;)
- Yes, I have read the books and I really did think it had an amazing plot with good writing. I definitely couldn't put it down.
Anthony Shadid's approach to journalism allowed him to nail the Arab Spring six years before it happened -
Good morning facebook/twitter! Hope you had a good weekend!
Lots of O's enthusiasm on the Twitter this morning.
Thank Me Later.. Bitch..
If you are at #astd2011, please follow This is her first run at twitter and ASTD. Have fun Jen!
Thanks to as our help site is back at 100%
<========= Ooh yu looking for tht Jasmine! , Well sorry but she gone!
no problem
Let me know when. Maybe next week?
Happy easter. :)
HE SORRY.
weird how much I like big time rush....not sorry at all
's quince with <3
that's a great combination. Never heard of it before. Is it bark?
That's the word back we're getting.
Good morning guise 👽
Anyone wanna pracc on US while EU is down?
Always a pleasure seeing your face, see you soon!
Trying to have my friends and listeners tell me how to use twitter...on the air...fun stuff! I'm old!
Lol..They do wrk the shit out a mf.Damn I miss the town.Parkridge would not B boring
A man is what he thinks about all day long. ~ Ralph Waldo Emerson
Happy Friday!!!! Don't forget to "Get Stinky" this weekend :) Hope you all have a great weekend!!!!
I swear I have nerves of steel, but people are really trying to break me.
Rochelle seems quiet today, I guess she has no good news
love love the way you have described seeing live ; how he evokes a mood when he sings ; magical singing powers too
Veganization day two...feeling pretty good!
RT : In Boonville with & We're chewing on pigs on the side of the road.
Ha! I meant the Jack Handey stuff. From SNL in the '90s.
Good morning. Feel free to connect to me through LinkedIn. Thanks.
I forgot that's his top speed!
What an amazing week! USGBC table top display last night, ULI lunch panel today, presenting to Gafcon Fri. & got a big green wall contract.
Did you play Little Talks before you left ?!?
one final down one to go
I wish my first New Years Eve kiss could be with watching the ball drop in NYC. <3
Seems I get Google News Badges for things that people at Google find interesting, and nothing else.
Thanks so much!! :)
& once I can locate 50 Shades... Mhmm.
Chester copper pot?
That makes two of us
got off work at 11:30 tanning ever since :))
Sound like he won't be making any future trips to the reptile house at the zoo.
I earned the Extrovert badge on Lose It!
The awkward moment when you eat to call someone out on something but you don't want to be an asshole
RT "Scitum est inter caecos luscum regnare posse. It is well known, that among the blind the one-eyed man is king."
likewise :) We're still making jokes about going out for 'tortilla soup' after work. Or maybe at loex2013? Keep in touch...
Try Sleeping With A Broken Heart
I've seen the argument on other sites and I believe ours wins by a few months.
Just saw a kid wearing an #AngryBirds shirt and shorts
Not bad, Danny - Anyone else in the clubhouse thinking about what their choices will be?
Have a good day, Stu! :)
Staying focused on wholeness and client advocacy is my main goal for today.
Girlfriend! You MUST warn people not to have a beverage in their mouths when they read this. Or be prepared to wipe screens.
I need to go dress and sandal shopping
Lion king & tai food. Happy cinco de mayo?
Oh! I have a good one.
Savings Tip - Lower thermostat on hot water heater to 120°F
God loves to help him who strives to help himself.
Bob Marley is in the Tea Pot Lounge....come while it is still here...
I know I've said this before, but the "Keep Calm and . . ." variations HAVE. TO. STOP.
- it's called Youth Explosion, from the album "Question in the Form of an Answer"
you have to get there AT 6 that's what the lady told me when I asked about camping she said security would make u leave
Ok it looks like I have to take this thing into my own hands.
There is some serious #techno and #housemusic floating around here Twitter. Officially in love
aw hi! thank you so much (you are awesome!) :):)
so stressed
!!! RT : Nobody cares bitch
Great meeting you tonight!
Something I tell my students: red ink is good. It means your story is big enough to have room to grow. Not every story is.
The press has now coined Tebow as "God's Quarterback". I hope he's not the only one.
Big ups to my youngest sister, Kim, who got un-deferred and into #Pitt, her number one choice!
How you gon say your gonna bite me, knowing that you don't have any teeth
I think Maurice Sendak actually wrote very subtle parenting manuals.
Just got that nice on campus per diem...Yes Sir !
Mfs dedicate overtime to damage my name but somehow I'm still the baddest in the game
Ready for the TIDE to ROLL all over Tennessee! Roll Tide!!!!
Any chance of booking in PDX? They are playing Sasquatch this year and would love to play in town.
If you smacked a kid in the face with a bottle of Johnson's No More Tears, would it create beautiful irony?
#9RoundMinute: 25 Wall Jumps followed by 25 Jumping Jacks!!
Influensters started receiving their beauty VoxBoxes! How exciting!
Which rabbit was a famous female aviator? Amelia Harehart.
Coffee makes me a better person in the morning.
Naked Harry? Fuck Yes!!! :D
I'm pretty sure I'm married to a hot girl
so true! : Thelen Tilden and Larsen both emphasized role of provocation but interpretation in NPS is all about avoiding conflict
I have been looking for the UDK melee weapons and pawns, did that ever get done? 8-)
it's official new cavs season ticket holder
When brainstorming have an open surface where everyone can interact with
RT : Traditional marriage, i.e., married 4 times and some side-trips for child sex in the Dominican, is under attack.
LOL Tell your prof, Firefighter is the correct term.also a classification used to denote levels of ntnl certs. FFI, FFII etc.
I wonder if teams' just take a majority of the time to take their pick in the #NFLDraft so they can print the name on the jersey
I HATE WORKING PARTIES THAT START AT 6AM..
,Good Evening
im unhappy bout more thingz than i can name -_-
Be prepared: Know first aid for your pet
well you're doing more then me cause that was a bomb and you guys are 19-2
i have to eat ice cream right now.
Back at work today after 1 wk in DC then 1 wk in AZ - Grand Canyon is just as grand as I remember... but COLD this time of year!
I'm currently PAYING BILLS!
#NotClearOn why everyone at SAE loves foursquare so much.
finally going to read it. So far it's On point
why you sad
**BANDS! contact me for SHOW and INTERVIEWS**
well I thought you would have seen it! :/ oh well it was for you anyways! :)
Everyone, please share our bandpage! We have a $5 show at the Rock Room this Friday the 18th with Hartford and Speaker For The Dead!
going to lunch with Wanna join?
Figures, my state rep, Sandra Peterson didn't even vote on the stadium proposal. Talk about Minnesota passive/aggressive
Still thinking about that collision at home plate last night in #Brewers game - Gamel vs. Castro! OUCH! Anyone else have a headache? :)
Our Thursday is going great! How is your Thursday going?
durrr...just got it
- a tip or to on the guitar? And if you do, he would probably act like your bothering him. Like he didnt wish he could ask a pro when he was
perfect for fishing!!
Hey, any plans on where you will hold your #MVP press conference, assuming you will win it this year?
Possible trip to NYC, not 100% definite, but a good possibility-aiming for the Garment district, Chinatown, SoHo, Village-cross fingers&hope
Character is doing more then just enough i.e. stopping to help someone with a flat tire, instead of just calling to get them help!
Listen to what I'm saying cause niggas aint out here playing
good day today. Home and time for dinner
What movie did you see? :D
#erl12 Kuali OLE & JISC working together on an open knowledge base construction Global Open knowledge base GOkb
they said they love you too <3 n so do I
RT : It's not really love if it's not the truth.
2nd that on careless whisper. Ba-ba-bananas!! See you tonight!
I gotta admit, I hate doing math so if you guys could allow the option to have a detailed timestamp date, that'd be great!
i know! Theyre too perfect!!!
Incompentent When you earnestly believe you can compensate for a lack of skill by doubling your efforts there's no end to what you can't do.
I nv knew ILVU so much but ILU enough2let U go I hope W/E U end up with make u happy, if he break yourheart Ibreak his face
that sounds like a perfect order! Wait...what about shopping?! At least for some more yarn...lol!
Shooting "Felici e Contenti" it s finished!!now let s pack for LA! # satisfaction
we start shooting tomorrow. it has been a long time coming
- Have not heard anything yet from the Registrar - will post as soon as we get word
& im getting my phone white .. that shit will be sexy af
juussttiinnn you should follow me c:
LAST CALL to RSVP for "Cappy's Travel Carnival"- with Tomorrow! Don't miss out on great prizes & networking opportunities!
Gotta get the #vision of #GOD!!
Listen to those who have already achieved, and think that we can do likewise
May 24 - June 9 See Bobby Gould in Hell.
Got Some Banging ass Beats in my Gmail from DNATHEPRODUCER aka
mother is so cute she made me a fish taco nom nom nom nom ...........and than another one nom nom nom thanks mommy :)
I love wearing shorts.
missed #shetime last night but my all time favorite on screen romance is and will always be love and basketball
Swimming further to train for next triathlon & avoiding heavy foods that slow you down.
I can't believe RNG is at the bottom 😭 #RNGeezies fanny Pak needs to go.
I cannot believe he hit that shot. I am staying in the Ville and not going to Catlanta or Blue Orleans.
Very nice article, thanks for sharing!
Thank you !!
Yo! - thanks for the suh-weet iphone case! someone ( ) brought it home for me, since he's stuck with a
Same. It drives me nuts when they take up space on sites. They are useful for help chats though.
Will be playing on Dec. 18th @ 11:00 PM. I'll be putting up event soon! It will be a late night Los Angeles!
the OLED TVs were amazing, LG killed it. Sphero was good fun. Beautiful new Audi, Ford, and Mercedes control interfaces.
Happy St. Patrick's Day :)
I'm ready for this night to be over with already. #wannagohome 😞
March will be here before you know it! Sign up for Broker or Salesperson Classes at www.TuckerSchool.com and tell a friend!
If you are at the game I'm going to be really jealous! Go #Terps!
Had to reschedule for tomorrow. To make it through the night I'll utilize my cheap health care / pain relief option:
Shawn Camp's probably the most reliable guy the Cubs have right now.
is speaking our language - right message, right person
LSU is gonna bring the rollin to the tide
Thankyou for following me. I wanna be a verified Arianator, how do you do that?
game tonight!!! Glad to have them finally back in town :)
motorola triumph. i only get nervous in the case my core apps have issues with specific phones.
that's what's up.. idk bout our schedule but we may play u guys.. still independent?
u got the ride
What does gila mean? RT : I'm feeling so gila right now.
YEAH THAT GUY I LOVE WUBSKILLET!
That swimmer tho ;)
In general...there's no point in writing hopeless #novels…what's important is the kind of men & women we are in the face of this.
my nail broke!!! ah!!
Happy Labor Day Weekend--come back refreshed and ready to lead! www.LeadershipRising.com and sign up for new course offering.
As you know, Defense win Championships, Coach!!!!!!
An amateur radio enthusiast suggested that it may be possible to connect your computer to a "ham radio" and access the net.
Tuesday is Wimpy's payday..
Use a variety of techniques and methods to engage the learner and meet their needs
Lemme not got too started tweeting creative slogans for my clients and colleagues. It's the writer in me! dmp
My tummy is making me want to use the bathroom but I can't use it because SCHOOL TOILETS ARE NASTY AS FUCK!
“: think I'm about to go plank in my bed (: goodnight”
I'm working until 3:00, but maybe- I will also have to cook mother's day at some point between now & 12 people over on Sunday
Another new gluten-free flour on the market. Grapeseed flour!
I love #AngelsAndGentlemen Listen to it everyday. How do you do it Cody?
That's idiopathic.
of course. What are you doing next week.
Hey my pleasure! Just having fun and telling others about the great people in Twitterland.
Good advice. RT : In doubt about your strategy? Test it. That’s what surveys, focus groups, direct mail, and web studies are for.
Catching up on Game of Thrones. I am beyond creeped out by how effortlessly the young actor who plays Joffrey pulls off evil.
Our infield reminds me of 3rd and 4th grade pee-wee baseball.
you havnt been online for 17 hours..... I'm getting sad :(
I serious what I do ? Just tell me pleasee :P andd why not !
kno ne gurls model type friend of mine us looking for some presenter/tv host tell em to dm
So, you like the new look, do ya?? ;) : "Promotion looks good on you, my friend."
yeah. cursive is my specialty, i find myself taking a lot of shortcuts nowadays, tho :(
where u at ,me and jordan are walking looking at u
where would yall be relocating?
Make sure to check out and follow our #FeaturedHandicapper #MrW who is the #1 NFL Monitored Handicapper @ 75% Successful !!
Had a satisfying winter break, but I've gotta say, I'm ready to get back to it :)
Stepped in dog poop. Who leaves it in the middle of the sidewalk??
When do we get the heads up on where y'all will be in Houston?
i hate when people let you down when they think tht dreams tht you wanna do will never happen well here is what u tell em
Kick-ass run!
Maybe we're in a startup bubble. So what? Now get back to work.
Problem: During my bike commute, I keep wanting to check Facebook on my phone. Solution: Practice mindfulness.
Going to see the HUNGER GAMES soon!!!!! :-)
done,mind to followback?
learning something new everyday. Apio, a celery root dish favored in the Jewish Heritage
Kentucky Derby > Cinco De Mayo > Orlando Magic Playoff Game
thanks for the Opportunity to work with you!
Applying for opportunities I've always been too scared/blocked to apply for in the past is exiting and exhausting! Makes my heart...
I thought that was just a strange dream... RT Hey remember Hockey? That was weird.
how has ur sis been since being diagnosed with sjogrens? I got diagnosed 7 years ago now.
Just in: Bonnie and Clyde (1967) and Badlands (1973)
Holding out for the CW's reboot of "Models, Inc."
Scott Walker does not have momentum. He has purchased the perception of momentum. Remember that.
TRust God and live a day at a time! Norman P veale
We're all nice n' registered for this year's 48 Hour Film Project! Do it!
Got your Tweet.Mine are follow invited
Right back at 'cha! Have a wonderful day!!!
I think I have sabbatical-itis. Can't get motivated because all I think about is my last day of teaching next month. So close and so far.
I'm guessing you'd win every other meal today.
wahs up long time no speak
#thoughtswhilerunning Oh Hell nall I can't do this
So let me give your heart a break, there's just so much you can take.
will begin 15 minutes minutes of meditation in 1 minute
 you made me sad.
Tuesday RT & S/O to incredible talent:
Thanks for following us and Gov. !
Apparently is summer now.
have fun. stuck on the couch all weekend.
To his credit, . reminds that answering Romney's "I created hundreds of thousands of jobs" is fair
man jack I been chilling. U still been on that rappin shit
Tracy: Google has a rule that software engineers can't be more than 100 ft from food!? Why don't librarians have this rule???
Thanks for the birthday wishes my man!
I was just called a beautiful black princess. LMAO ? Um black really ?
the new years resolutions are wearing off, but stay active! it's a lifestyle, not a temporary goal
Thank you. Migraines are the bane of my existence!
Getting ran over by an ambulance would be so convenient.
Linda just completed the most amazing deep purple necklace and bracelet set -- you must see this. Tomorrow 11-5 PM before its gone!
LMFAOOO. True. Same for Hobgood. But if they connect.....
They atmosphere as thrilling here, as always
I was trj
follow me? (:
I love you three lol <3 thank you so much! ^_^
David Berns says the changing face of homelessness in the district is moving away from single individuals to families
Renting some scary movies and hanging out @ my place with Sean&Linda Not really feeling getting wasted lol you're welcome to come
I should run for office.
Happy Birthday and congratulations on your successful shows!!
doing my best to pimp out your art... hope you don't mind the mentions.
How people take the game for granted*
just little moments of phrasing that probably go over everybody's head
This Mariner team doesn't score enough to win consistently. Fans will continue to experience heartbreak until that changes.
-- Just our of pure curiosity..... Favorite animal?
RT Getting in an arguement with a girl is like being arrested, Because anything you say can and will be used against you.
Hope to see you ALL @ Resurrection Sunday Service 10:30am Victory Church of God 224 East Monroe Avenue, Grants, NM 87020 Hear NM News & View
Yeah, I try and bring the old car to work most days so I don't get the new one banged up, lol. Its bad to watch radar at work
A great way to start off a Sunday is sculpting!
Turned on the radio and it is a #whitneyhouston song. This will be the extent of my tribute.
I had sesame chicken & I spent 7 hours with a beautiful Yugoslavian woman, today was awesome.
me to!
Jones hits a solo home run to left field. #Yankees up 5-1.
The instructions that come with these bracelets make everyone laugh
come on...
Everyone was talking about #baldbarbie and #kony2012 on Facebook before media caught on, says
it was brilliant.
...the Birges would buy it.
awesome take it as it comes huh
great! Yeah, we had our oldest first big birthday party in February. It was fun but lots of peeps and kids in our house.
": rite chea taking a hard ass test was going on with u when u gone come vistit" idk bra idk, soon thoe
aw that is cute
You can't stop me no-o-o-o
RT Ppl love to be internet gangstas.. Have a seat! Bwuahaha... #Blocked #IssueSolved <--
**RT** all gamerz that need some GFX or sig's for GB hit this guy up for the greatest and top of the line GFX **RT**
Who is in Chicago and can recommend an awesome local food producer? Looking for a gift for a Chicago friend.
Yumm... I love that your products are Stevia...how can I try them out?
Sometimes Counter Transference Can Be O.K….Especially If She’s Hot..
Seriously? What's wrong with people?! RT : An Indiana couple accused of strapping 4 young children to hood of car. 12 pm Ch13
welcome and thanks!
dude how'd you poop into a bottle? you should be on america's got talent.
#ChaCha dropped the ball today, screwing over all of their contractors. SMH
Houston girls love it goes down Atlantic girls love the way it goes down Famous girls love the way it Goes down - the real her Drake
Sometimes I wish I were as dumb as my brother.
finished doing some contact maintenance.
Thank you! Well said
Nah, he shouldn't be champ in 2012.
lmao it is
Any rec's on how 2 get Dennis Davis' snare sound? In particular David Bowie Stage album era? It's insane...
yo momma got 3 fingers and a banjo...
#YouGePointsIf you don't constantly compliment me every five mins #annoying let it me
Wow, completely forgot that Hunter S. Thompson just went and lived with Jimmy Buffet for a while to ride boats.
What do you call a man with only half a brain? Gifted.
Imma a man of business, that other shits for the losers..!!
is bedridden today
Clumsy cus Im Falling In love :)
JSB: "Blogging as joint context creation"; like jazz, improvisational, individual & collective
Embarrassing performance by Magic...lucky to be only down 9 with 5:45 to play in first half.
UGH so annoying! I now get why doctors think I'm crazy.Well I'm not okay!just frustrated on why it's happenin 2 me.No1 understands! wtf!
There is NOTHING funny about this, Toure! Please show the proper respect for Trayvon and his tragic death or just keep quiet.
maybe that's why I suggested you look into it :-)
Why is Jefferson still in the game??
What a great day with Lovin summer vacay!
Thank god I have a stoge. I needed this.
I know a girl in an eyepatch isn't something you see everyday, but I'm way to shy to get stared at this much in the Starbucks line.
It will be exactly 24 hours long
So you holdin onto the cheese pretty good...I don't want stuff to get too cheesy out there on the field
yes I'm
where were you, when my walls came falling down.
Torrey Smith is the number 1 hot trend on Google. Oh Fantasy Football, you are crippling the country.
just. Low.
wake'em up.But if you don't have a game plan to actually combat the "Illuminati" people will roll over and go back to sleep
Also accidentally lean on your horn right after parking, your neighbors will think it's hilarious
I may have been living under a stone, I never heard of #50shadesofgrey or one of the #50shades #trilogy until now … has anyone read it?
You know the drill...pic or it didn't happen haha
Saw the movie the woman in black yesterday it was scary. I wanna see it again :)
I was so bothered & annoyed when i found out too!! >:-( RT : I won't be hitting mega million- Floridians can't play. Total BS!
juss gt out dha shower n now im hungry n bored asz hell...!!!
Too lazy.. Yoga pants again
Celebrating 6 month anniversary, Valentine's Day and baby announcement with my boo
I puss people off...oh well I'm here so deal with it.
White Orange and Ninja wowed the audience at The Agenda last night! If you ever get a chance to see either of them, GO!
yes please lol
Get jiggy with it! : @ LPR for 's joint...let the poppers pop and the breakers break
"Threat" can apply to the more traditional thinking organization or individuals.
Metro Exposure workout will be tomorrow from 5 to 830 at Iroquois HS. 72 kids in three sessions.
Lovely start
Phone with my boyfriend for the rest of the night, goodnight :-)
Today's kellan's birthday... HAPPY BIRTHDAY KELLAN!
yeah I won't
Listening to the grizzlies game on the radio and not being able to watch it is killing me
Penny Lane playing. Can't believe Beatles had a hit with vocals so buried in the mix. Must have been the flugelhorn
let me Engineer that joint.
Who says. Blah blah word anymore?
Being Daddy's little princess > c:
Natural gas and oil production in Texas' Eagle Ford Shale are forecast to grow more than 3x and nearly 6x, respectively, in the next decade.
I love #misletoe! Soo AMAZING! LOVE YA (:
Let's have some new cliches. Samuel Goldwyn (1882 - 1974)
Everyone could use more patience.
if i was one of the cast members,i would be luke. :)
I WANT SOME PANCAKES!
Praying for you guys!! Hope you Feel better
Angels make me laugh so hard sometimes. :)
HB 987, the stormwater funding bill that we've been pushing for for several years made it out of the House 90-48.
do you ever DM fans anymore? I have been trying forever but you never notice me :(
hey you, call me :D
Yes *LiVInG LiFE dOINg ME*
Much thanks to our followers for your continual awesome tweets! We want more! Follow US! We follow back!!!
if joins #CuseNation next yr the Cuse will be playing in this game, and winning it!
This is the best feeling.
very pretty:)
It is important to keep your head up and follow what you believe is right. - Ajay Naidu
Hell yeah!!! BBN!
Ethan Rafuse speaking on Lincoln and the conduct of the war in the House of Representatives Chamber, Old State Capitol, Springfield...
hey- do you guys have a bottle of Black toner for your copier down there- or one that I could replace in a few days?
please don't lie basically to my face.....
omg, that is so sad. Beyond words. What can we do?? I wish that kind of cruelty would end forever.
He gonna dunk #KevinHart!
oh cool, i didn't even know xD
Think that's because they know Obama approves of his politics, should he lose? Romney = Obama 2.0
Your the root of this problem... Except it
are you taking me?
Chillin at my house watching this fight
On my way to my Daddy's Birthday Party. Happy 43rd Birthday 
Just thought of a title for my novel: "A Matrix of Problems!"
love it. can you help me coordinate my closet into outfits? seems like things fit together, but not sure how. a puzzle.
teddy bear I bought put in toys for tots box Tag on bear in from:put my name & sisters name I have been told is going to die from cancer
well.. one thing you can never have too much of...air and HDD/SDD space 2tb sounds good... too bad that's not me...
THE BAND PERRY!
RT the past is over and is never coming back
set to sponsor party for the #AD trade May17th 7-9pm Unveiling my first new line " Matrix"by
When Raw drops below a 3 during the next few wks, maybe VKM & co will be smart enough to tap into the mind of a genius
No #tigerblood in the veins RT I'm 94% bothered by lady gaga. Seriously, what is wrong with her?
let me know if you need a drop and how you're feelin the record.
Hey people, check out my verified accounts list I made. It's all the verified accounts following me =) I'll update it with any more!
waaah! Desperate Housewives is over FOREVER :(
yeah...that was really unclear from her execution...
beat the game....wasn't too impressed
Yeah! Sunrise is great today
Woke up from a dream that included the Da Silva twins and the Reapers. No idea.
did you get that file? lemme know.
Check out our video on the University homepage! www.georgetown.edu
ur insecure. dont no what 4. ur turning heads when u walk through the door. dont need make up. 2 cover up. b ing the way tat u r is enough.
Thanks, Jim. Hope all's well Down Under.
Show went super well thanks to and everyone else who was there! Always going getting support
(c) she'll realize things can get better
Great Call with and planning for our final #NYC Iconathon!? Our theme #Transportation !
Support this man. #irregardless MT : I'm within sniffing distance of 700 minions, I mean "followers." Let's hit the 700Club.
Always feels good to land in Big D
Tamba Hali must be livid that they're just now starting to call holding in the NFL.
hey cat. Good news coming down the pike. Hope all is well with u. I'm balancing the gigging and producing thing.
Privacy has now become my biggest concern regarding Facebooks purchase of Instagram. Can't trust the Zuck!
I'm looking forward 2 next season #Orioles showing promise
TGIF! Are you dreaming about Happy Hour at Terilli's at your desk right now?
OK, so, that big, red hand, that means DON'T CROSS RIGHT NOW, or else you're gonna piss off 4 lanes of traffic.
All good. Thnx Heidi. Mana--would love to connect. Possible?
You're kidding rite?
": Corn-flakes were created as an anti-masturbation cereal." What does that even mean?? What is a pro-masterbation cereal?
I wasn't registered to vote... 👎
The Oz Patisserie Daily Special is: Lemon-Basil Souffle with Raspberry Crema. Summer has Arrived.
It was our pleasure!
In other news, puppy seems to have wedged a jujube into her paw... Don't think we've had any in the house in years.
Done deal! RT Thanks again to 4 havin us @ foodcourt it was a blast as always! When u go mobile we gotta do somethin
Madonna was.amazing I loved this half time show
Shwarty you a bitch
Okay. If you say so.
PLEASE NOTICE THIS i voted over 300 times for can i PLEASE GET A FOLLOW BACK
We just lost a follower, dropping 499. We give up our brief but terrifying reign over the Interent.
Bahamas 'Near Top Of Heap' Through 10% Demand Rise: By NEIL HARTNELL A 10 per cent increase in room demand over the past 12 months sa...
#Following back <
Enjoy the Nexus! RT Off to pick up the Galaxy Nexus, which was overwhelmingly the vote for Android phones. Back later.
Yeah, Krakatoa for me - but it's Golden Hill. Prob say Cafe Madeleine.
Be a first rate version of yourself, Not a second rate version of someone else...
is it just me or does Dino Rossi seem like the Lane Kiffin of Washington politics?
Apparently i was trippin when i decided to date my ex! RT : Yea scratch that!!! Gurl u trippin!!! Lol
I'm really starting to like the one direction song... Damnit...
o_O I missed you 100%! Were you on the platform or train?
Farmville players outnumbered real farmers in the US by a ratio of 60 to 1
#ThingsIGetAlot "You must work out!"
I'm creating a new show. It's called "Shower Rangers." It's 30min of girls fighting crime in a shower
Butler vs uconn game isnt such a good game go uconn tho
where can I tune in to catch your show?
i hope one day you will see this tweet...or now...I LOVE YOU SO MUCH!! #callmemaybe ?
[WATCH]: Ehrlich, Hansen, Lovelock: We Must Build &quot;An Entirely ...
Strategy without tactics is the slowest route to victory. Tactics without strategy is the noise before defeat. ~Sun Tzu
yup - got pix?
"Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success. If you love what you are doing, you will be successful."...
delete this account and start following me on this account. alik_rainey
jeezy took to long 2011 he was ghost til the end
YES! TONIGHT at the Bowery Poetry Club in NYC!
LOL nice! Was it so good it put shamalama in ding dong?
it says not yet -_-
thanks buddy
#NowPlaying #Stand I love this song so much!
We're gonna skate to one song, and one song only
Today's wonderful presenters continued:
Welcome to Twitter, you'll love it.
I don't wanananananananana write this Romeo and Juliet script yet. Who knows how to speak in a New Joisey accent? Blah.
We found a significant defect, caused by a set of inputs not covered by our tests. What to do first? Create a test for that set of inputs!
Thanks! More to come in just a little while. RT : love the match day pics!
Shit. Apparently Poe's grave is in a BAD neighborhood. This could be my final tweet.
Breaking Benjamin-Hopless
Awkward train ride with again. Lol.
We killed him? Um no! :{O I did all of the work while you were up his anus >.>
We're Chameleon! Changing colors is what we do! We're the color that fits you best!
The Bills. Really Vince Young? Haha
When you willingly take responsibility & ownership even for the failures, you're positioned for magnificent success.
.// my LOVE for you will never end , your always be a part of me as long as time keeps on passing by :))
What a butthole.
thank you baby! ☺
Psychiatrists are guns without need of a brain to pull their own triggers.
Going to school. Gnna wear my teeshirt! :P
I have years of experience spilling food on myself, but never, until now, have I gotten pieces of salad stuck in my eye.
I always do. :)
I'm thinking he had to fart.
Who's off to the Newark Xmas light switch on this sunday 11-5? and are performing! Also a funfair and fireworks!
that commercial is so epic bc of how he says it.
im falling asleep to your youtube covers tonight, your voice is amazing <3 #ah .
You think those CAR fans who don't like Kuechly pick are not remembering the cluster of crap that was LB at end of last year?
Before any trip to Baltimore, Maryland, I make sure my affairs are in order prior to my inevitable death. I'm good to go.
whats going on man
Hi world
Ah, #omeka enters the fray
I stick a toothbrush in my ear to make my brain vomit negativity. RT : Purge bad habits and negative influences.
I had to buy it. Pffffft
i t can only be in 2 places cause I only sat down in 2 places today, but yellow shirts won't let me back in
what time does it start
I think that write-up was substantially based on the CA paper-- his goods include wine and books as well
I am working on a E-tutorial for a class project on tips to being a good Cauldron fan. Followers have suggestions?
8 turnovers. 0 3 pointers made. Miller and Battier havent even gotten an attempt. Inexcusable
Best Partner Ever! Can't wait to see you tonight
My score is 47. I improved it by 37 points over the past 30 days! Thanks Mara and John D (my Dallas peeps) for the kick in the ass
ok I'm sorry.lol.jk
how are you tonight?
Tanya....great tips...a good reminder!
Exactly. I know about the risks and the trouble with stalkers. But I still thought that article was pretty interesting.
i think that about sums it up...WTF?!?! who thinks this is a good idea?
no fun
Kevin bot knows
Sad 4 Them Daisy.Its Problems
Money is not the goal. Money has no value. The value comes from the dreams money helps achieve.
this Pitbull Bud Light commercial is horrible, i have to mute everytime it comes on now. I wont drink a bud light because of it
go straight through it
Like us on facebook during the month of January for a chance to win a free single person occupancy office. Winner to be announced Feb 1.
We had such a great day celebrating your birthday SIR Packy!
So who has tickets for #secondcity? Anyone see my #braillecoin?
they got VIP?
Tf Yu Mean Yu Don't Want Grilled Cheese Two Nights In A Row...? Shit Yu Aint Hungry Then.
Do you know what a mice said when it saw a bat?Mom ! I see an angel.
Great! Thanks so much!
"Fanperson" just doesn't sound... enthusiastic. I'm not a fangirl of that word.
so glad it was helpful! thanks for sharing!
I was on a whole 'nother level last night. Damn.
You are not going to loot a candy store in the middle of a war!
Getting ready then Christmas Party :)
Tweeting from 3d meeting 21st Century Conservation Service Corps federal advisory committee, Rocky Mtn Arsenal, Colorado
Sounds amazing, beautiful and slightly poetic. I miss Astoria. All I see are yellow city lights, the skyline and cars.
thanks! Will see you mid week for sure.
do you still watch TV? anyone cancel their cable or satellite service? would love to connect and get your story
lol was I really ? Wow I need to pay attention more .
Not the aunt?
now annoying couple are talking about how they have no money to get home, but it's no big deal because the dude is going to play guitar. Ha!
It was a great weekend in Racing for some of our friends and drivers and teams! ...you will see a recap on "Cowboy"'s wall!
Your welcome! :) Congrats to ! Enjoy Lincoln Park!
I guess it is okay to kick a puck into the goal in the NHL now. At any rate, #NYR WIN!
Im so tired I forgot I was tired
Follow me please, you are amazing, I love you
My car finally bit the big one - time to rent and regroup!
If He Can't Keep A Conversation Going , Ðon't Expect Him To Be Able To Keep A Relationship Going .
It takes time, living in a world when you don't know who to trust.
hahahaha!!! Yes directionators get shipped to a island that the boys will never visit and is full of deadly monkeys
Funny but true: "The reason pages are fixed width and centered is because that's the static image the client signed of on"
you'll have to post a picture on the one you decide on!!
oh well
Dodgers fall to the Rockies today. With a final score of 2-6. Ted Lilly will take the mound for the Dodgers tomorrow.
what's IFBC? I'd like an excuse to go to portland.....
The concept of YOLO isn't to go smoke n drink n make an ass of yourself! It's to go out and do something with your life that matters!
Taking a look at the past year and dreaming about the future. I guess I am trying to get back into life after a long year.
#somethingteensdo eat, sleep, be lazy, watch t.v. & eat somemore!
All the status updates from folks in #Denver have stopped suddenly. Is there something else going on? ;-)
Do IBM Execs actually use Social tools because it helps them do their job or do they just present them like they do?
- ooh, an older man!
Orlando Bound!
>Quote: Be a yardstick of quality. Some people aren't used to an environment where excellence is expected. Steve Jobs
A strange man just calmly took the liberty of telling me i was wrong in rushing to catch a morning train. How humerously vindictive!
I understand that, but tech doesn't throw ball period..& he was behind demaryius Thomas for a while.He was not getting the ball
Jesus I love the paranormal. <3
Just heard my waiter ask the manager if I could sub the smoked salmon, for "some yoga girl." smh
wants the cute hello kitty spoons from yogurt land :(
"Q-cumbers" that's how cool people spell it..HAHAHA.
Happy Mother's Day to all the mothers out there. Always cherish the time you have with you Mom. I miss mine every day. Love you Mom!
just gone done helping my mom with the garden
Isaiah 40:31 says we will "soar high on wings like eagles", not "barely get off the ground on wings like chickens".
I hate to get the seats in the Benz wet.
I should sell beer. The beer I convinced my brother to buy the woman listening to our conversation bought it too. #parttimejob?
...and don't think he realizes it ": Many women today fall in love with a man's $$ & confuses it for his heart.."
Ugh, this Taylor Swift song can't end soon enough.
ah well you know hahha
u shoullda seen ur face before...bright red lmao
thanks so much for the follow!
i'm excited to use/help with waterlee! fyi it looks like your site has a malicious iframe injected into it
it says the link isn't working :( can you send it again?
"Great! Because I have to pee!" "We have been on the road for 38 minutes!"
Tonight and 10pm We will be sacrificing a goat onstage to the Pagan god of comedy
no like the 50th time
probably from lunch
S/o to this rum and coke my uncle just poured me
You may never know what results come of your actions, but if you do nothing, there will be no results. - Gandhi
Bout to take a smoke break :)
A little change of scenery today - #amwriting at my library office instead of the dining room table office for a change...
Good day tweets! TGIF!
always! you've been a great Twitter partner! RT : Thanks so much keep in touch!
had it last night
I just seen somebody from Elementary @ Church. It was kinda awkward though. That feelin when its like U never knew each other, Life goes on.
it needs courage to grow up and become who you really are
don't discount the green with the cream wheels
I remember he would say we ride when we ride we ride its till the day we die /:
Good hair is only part of the package baby: they don't call me 'the spear who killed the lion' for nothing... Lol
Is it sad that this excites me? RT Baltimore City recorded 10 homicides in Feb, one of the lowest monthly totals since 1970.
i gotta give it to Floyd tho. His last 2 fights werent against scrubs (y)
after 3 years. #homelessness becomes a lifestyle.
Europe does have some solid lures, yes. When it comes to bass, however, not so much. Japan is the opposite.
You guys are really good. Would you like free promotion? Email me at to get started!
Wait 'til Sara Palin reads US magazine to find out her daughter is engaged!
Common mistake. Hope you are doing well suit. Maybe we should hang out more than once every other year.
It made me do the DTST. That funny.
I can't argue that and I love RG3 in fantasyland this year but Cousins could see time to w/RG3's running style.
better than 's wandering eye, i suppose
On break 5 more hours to go
Just live-tweeted a call w/ U.S. Department of Agriculture's James Barham on #foodhubs. Search #KYF2 on Twitter for highlights.
Does Blackmon know Larry Fitzgerald is in the house? Certainly seems like it
I am very tired. Not a complaint, just a fact.
hahahahhaaha that was really funny! :D
RT : Come check out my directorial debut 2nite 4 's booking signing! Four scenes performed 7-10
what the hell is that
Student: "I am a senior, just needing a writing credit to graduate. I don't really care about English" Me: "Sorry, out of add codes."
Ironically enough, August brought me my biggest web traffic for the year. Thanks to all those to support The Half!
We just found out you're coming to Portland OR next week. We'd love to interview you on TV. Any interest? OTF 503-895-4654
as you prepare for your birthday? do you think? rumored things but I would like you to know
thanks so much.
#Celtics 0-18 from three point land so far over the first two games...really miss Ray Allen
what is your favorite photo of cameron boyce? Post it!
And it's people like me who make the NFL so wealthy.
Also... we love when people say thank you! So thank you for saying thank you!
#FF Runners w/ words of encouragement
wow this is crazy sometimes :'D
that's what it seems like, but yet the rhetoric around the whole thing is "what about the farmers?"
Weather is so nice today in NY, feels like summer!!🌴
is it?? I didn't even know. I wanna go shopping over there.
we all need to celebrate with Starbucks !
I'll say! She missed several spots on her neck. What an amateur.
alyssa'a party today... i can't wait!!!
Im not a Belieber but ..ok.. :)
Are you doing blog tv or ustream?
that's sarcasm
7 < 10 Go get your cereal.
lol! i'm embarrassed! i should've googled! still, try avocado on toast sometime.
Unwrap yourself a joyful Christmas!!!!
Hahaha , ya know...
so did you ever have to swirly yourself?
RT Also see Understanding Salsa Dance for Fitness
BEAUTY TIP: Everyone loves a nice hand cream as a stocking stuff -- even guys!
Ugh, JavaScript. Why do you hate me?
Fact: #Verizon wrongfully fired dozens of workers for speaking out against their anti-worker practices.
Just met the new managers at
RT : is back in #brooklyn. stay tuned.
Yup. Poop floats RT : don't shit tho, it will clog the filter. FACT!
Must remember title of Strange Attractors from The premise looks interesting.
Hi Anney!! How
Those crazy kids RT : Teens do crazy things. Mitt Romney bullied a Gay kid. Bristol Palin got pregnant. Trayvon Martin got murdered.
Not all of us can do great things. But we can do small things with great love.
Steelers announced they will release him
lol no bro the one that you liked but kept ignoring
get on Kevin!
LOLOL!! I like how sometimes people ask how much you paid & they say "I know someone that could do that for $50."
Sorry girls. Just got your tweets. Didn't send a DM to you. Sorry. I'm aware of the hacker and changed my pass.
RT : c/o : Don't make your customer do something you wouldn't do! :)
facebook buys drop.io. huh? reminds me of ebay buying skype.
Hello 10! SHOW. Checkout and We are now in Philadelphia!
lmaoooo omg im starvin like marvin :p
Dying my hurr!!
It's hot no rain pasture's drying up feed bill going up everything's going up except my pay. Oh well...could be worse.
Raffi Torres just got his clock cleaned, several times... and he deserved it.
RT: : guys who drive trucks with those ball sack thingamajiggers hanging off their back bumpers should not be allowed to vote.
Thanks for the add
PMD healthcare panel: Healthcare is going global, & its going home. More of us will B treating ourselves w/ intricate medical devices.
Owners of Poised Creation, Joe Dan Wilson and Kyle Johnson are very appreciative for those who follow PC!
#IVoted and you should too. Number 2 in line. Would've been number 1 if it wasn't for my wife.
it don't matter just look up the price...on everything
Robert Merry: impartial journalism was a product of news technology since it involved sharing stories across diverse newspapers.
Than* (case in point) RT : is the coolest. He is better at life then me for sure.
Family day at waimea bay! Cheeeee
If u were the grass and i was the dew,i'lld fall every night to be next to you ♥
Gunna go grab some food with guy gets hungry! #winning keep supportin
Join us at #Domenicos Pizza and (Glendora) from 5-8pm tonight! Great music + food to support Jimmy and Celestes' adoption!
Brad Mills is using his closer in a tie game on the road. I want to cry this makes me so happy.
#IfITellYou that you have an amazing rack, would you hold it against me?
Monitoring election in Macon County....very TIGHT races...oh the suspense
Home again. Now it's time to give the rest of this Spring Break over to homework.
#FF mon cher "Nor did I wonder at the lily's white, Nor praise the deep vermilion in the rose..."
Good luck!!!
Think I'm going to see it next weekend. Seems like everyone loved it, but the trailer and commercials looked only OK to me.
i would not use the word "irrelevant" but agree that energy-rooted messaging is more effective/less divisive. why do you disagree?
Hey, excellent--thanks for the heads-up. That's a pretty serious examination of your great work.
My Stax family>>> love them
verizon just called my office with an automated msg hawking the friends and family plan..uh, i'm on a landline. at work. terrible cold call.
Hi ! You were one of our weekly sweepstakes winners! Please DM us your mailing address as soon as possible!
I miss my boyfriend a lot :( haven't seen him in over 2 weeks and im gone in 2 months
haha,its cool and BTW Good Morning
Leeeeeeeeeettttttttttttttssssssssssssssss GET READY TO READ SOME NEW COMICS!!!!!
Haven't slept that well in a long time. It wasn't the longest sleep but def was a peaceful/uninterrupted/mind shut down sleep!!
bet ima hit u up n a min gota get my jr ready 4 school
About to go for a run in hot Atlanta. Followed by a swim. Ah the little things to look forward to.
Just done almost a full day of manual labour fixing my roof. You won't catch me doing that too often.
But then I turned on the tv & that's about the time she walked away from me nobody likes you when you're 23
Baby N does have some cute swimsuits she needs to use!
Went to sactweetup tonight,met some good people,it was a bit loud,but all in all a good experience
About to board a flight for Germany via Dubai. Super keen to murder and eat a camel before tearing Munich and Berlin a new asshoelsen.
cool, i liked you on fb. Do the same for me? Let me know if I can help you with your web presence. Good luck. Steve...
Yeehaw! SO cute!
your mom xD
Easy day at work bout to punch out and go home and enjoy this nice weather maybe make a beat haven't made none in a week
meditation and bible study time for a quick spell=)
listen to the Jake and Kyle Show live @ 9 on www.wolfpackradio.org. We have lots to talk about with the #nfl and
R. Williams is the best rookie back behind M. Ingram...only question is how long till the starting job is his 3 weeks, 10 weeks, 2 years...?
I know right!
no hype I'm fareal
Austin tries his best to notice all his fans! RT if you love him for that. ♥
: extra application DONE! That was easy. I obviously mentioned my awesome dog in the "special skillz" section.
I am listening to Pat St. John on SiriusXM 50s on 5. This is music no longer played on terrestrial radio
yep let's fuck lol txt me
Was that really a pic with Shit in the back ground lmao
No. We always had a yard and lots of kids.
Kudos for lasting this long! I've already had a box of samoas and thin mints! RT : First Girl Scout cookie of the season....
I've been too busy to do chapter 12
RT RT : Psychic once told me I'd have three great loves. Didn't mention they'd be french fries, bacon and vodka.
you dumb
Thanks for the mentions!
Re: "who" vs. "whom" - we know, we know. Sorry - that extra character was very valuable though!
Raise it! Much better night
thanks! Getty is very cute!
RIGHT ORR WRONG #TEAM/GET/IT/IN
#realrnb advisory people!!!!!! TGT is back!!!!!!!! the question is.... can y'all handle it? (Ladies)
lol yep freed is right
I remember when social networking was something that happened in person
HA can you make me copies so I can sell at cons!!!!!
lets go time to roll
#Raising money for our is just what is doing to help our #Chief stay in charge.
schweet! So excited!!!
Okay. So night people. <3 i think i'm being awkward.. :3
Fanny Pak did good stfu and stop hating...
ivory ridge .. Nice
What the crap! The way they run these VIP tickets is ridiculous. I hate it! You'll get them soon, don't worry :) thank you!!!
Don't phase me tho.
Dudette, why are you not out for #pcbw?
Thank you all!
Been trying to pre-order the iPad 3, but the store is down. Not all that surprising, but still...
I sometimes wonder... how does it benefit me as a museum visitor to share a photo I took with the museum? Thoughts?
Look like a girl. Act like a lady. Think like a man. Work like a boss.
Wondering if I can fall back into being intrigued by twitter.
You don't like me? Oh, that's cool. I don't wake up every morning just to please you.
Wild Wednesday starts at 3:30-5:30. Curious about this League game that's taken the library by storm? Here's your chance to join in!
Thanks, we hope to be resource in the months to come, let us know what issues interest you!
Me thinks the upstairs neighbours must be athletes. Thud, thud, thud, thud, thud, thud, pause, THUMP! They seem to be practicing long-jump.
let's go!
RT : Every second, 2000 Draw Something pictures are created. There have been 3 billion since they launched a few weeks ago.
Fiesty. I never said you were. Who said I'm Korean?
He's a good defender too
Sadly, you'll have to wait a couple more weeks for the show at Turner. See you on the 18th?
Don't have a coaching pedigree, but it sure seems like good things happen when this kid goes to the basket...
thx, you too, or is it night for you??
The best part of #FastFive is whenever I see Paul Walker :)
The problem is never how to get new, innovative thoughts into your mind, but how to get old ones out. - Dee Hock
Hey there! Sorry I've been slow to respond (no excuses). I don't think I have your email - do you mind DM'ing it? :)
Hehe. And we'd love that! :)
I will, yea come check us out, Im gonna come over there for a game too
Oh... HUGE HUGE #Changes coming soon! We're gonna be an all new bar!
I lost your number >.< if you have my number text me. Or give me your number please?
Thanks for the RT :)
Connect with on twitter and at our meeting tonight! VADM 129 at 4:15 to learn all about how to market yourself on
Quit Tweeting!!!
New Jersey- Jersey Corn
Halloween Tomorrow ! So Excited :D <3
Yes we would!
Not even a MINI Cooper Clubman? Damn!
Woah watch out for the couch on the right lanes of the 8-east near hotel circle
OMG Melody!!! That guy doing ur hair is Larrys cousin Steve!!! Tell him we say hi!!! U look gor-gee-ous :0
Green voxbox shipment is scheduled for the 3rd week of July. Make sure to unlock yr green badge to chive green goodies!
"If she's on the rag never let her fry the Ragu" - Doom
time to bite the bullet and do my taxes. I am sure I will continue my streak of 5 straight years of owing money.
I was rooting for Jeff & Jordan until Jeff evicted Danielle, now I am glad Jeff was the next to be evicted
Everything happend so fast
Thank you! That means a lot to me.
Supporting the boys was the best move Ive ever made (: #ForeverSupporting1D xx
Sluggish (n): What slugs speak.
Like do you not know im not going to read this.
Hey #Conan, my hubby has the same tie that you're wearing tonight... Great fashion sense
no no no lol
Nice pic, BTW! However ... I know those faces ... I smell trouble!
I wonder what has to say about that article...
We had a great first week of filming, thanks to the whole cast and crew!
I thought we were doing family dinn?
Can you create a concept, position it in the marketplace, and grow the concept through licensing or franchising? What is your exit plan?
I feel like everyone should be able to RT this
Youre gonna end up eatin a government regulated ammount of cheese when youre livin in a van down by the river!!
Oh. My. God. This is so bad. It's not even 'so bad it's good' bad. No, it's just bad.
Did you Get Curried Away this weekend? Let's hear some exciting stories!!!
- LitFuse - Totally agree... it keeps getting worse.
• My opinion doesn't affect the Brewers, MLB, or baseball. It doesn't cause global warming or cancer. Doesn't matter.
if u go to YouTube and search timbers Tetris there are a few vids!
It's a sad day, one of the great sax player past on. I guess God needed a sax player for his R & R band. You will be missed by all. RIP:-(
Like how Colts war room ppl act like NASA landing on the moon. High fiving eachother for picking Andrew Luck
yes girl I've got to
Ew, this guy outside is walking barefoot and his feet are all black O.e
Around family for holidays now I can say I've seen my grandfather drunk...
Be on the alert to recognize your prime at whatever time of your life it may occur.
Happy New Year to you too! We're just doing some low-key celebration here.
"Why didn't you answer my phone call?" Oh, sorry I was dancing to the ringtone
Oh boy oh boy!
AZ is the best just like you guys are the best.....
good color selection...
Fade to braid (last tweet)
hello helicon :) see you all tomorrow
How many off y'all think I should change my name
whered u send that track?
I like won and done, it's a few vowels away from wine and dine.
3.8% margin of error in MU poll, which makes many of the races a dead heat.
i support jelena i hate all the haters i think you guys are cute together
Kids make me wonder why people have kids
Antenna-Sharing IC simultaenously delivers signal to several RF receivers.
Protect our children! Give them a voice!
that's right!
Is anyone on my TL a home designer, or even a budding interior designer? I need ideas for my bedroom, stat.
Happy Easter to all of our Facebook friends and family!
Newark boy is helping celebrate it's 20th Birthday today
thanks girl!
I am in the great state of , literally at a festival of beer, The Dubuque On Ice Brewfest.
I know!! UCP has a more organized (& antiseptic) storage for ms. I haven't found quite as much vibe for photos here yet. Looking!
IUSUW is planning to volunteer at the Salvation Army's Thanksgiving dinner this Saturday! Stay tuned for details!!
Thanks much for the RT!
Still representing Los Raiders!
Push on! the light is there - its a little Railroad lantern, but its there! You'll reach it. Great job on synopsis!
nice! I didn't go to neither of those listed though.. lol
thanks for following!
We would love it if you ReTweeted Poised Creation!
of course!!
Don't say you miss me, when it's your fault I'm gone.
Interested in editing, writing, or graphic design for Voices, the academic journal of WGS? Info session on Oct 7 5pm in McGuinn 121!
We love to see people connecting!
it's hard loosing someone u luv,I lost my mom 2 cancer 17 yrs ago & my nana passed away last week,it's hard, pl say a prayer 4 me :(((
we miss you in south Florida
I would pay $50 for
join the club
Just saw: USC crushed, Georgia squeaked, Oregon (my Ducks!) won. Seems strange to think things exist outside my storm-chaser cocoon.
Word on the street: An $18.6 Million Lotto Ticket was sold in Westwood last night. SO CLOSE, YET SO FAR.
omw to go see my brother :D
When girls wear heels and they are already as tall as a giant.
just cut there was no point in staying in school smfh
Data breaches everywhere. Pone an Institute estimates cost at $214 per compromised record. Stay aware and alert! Protect that data
hey guys!
r u kidding?
#MyWeddingSong "She" from #OddFuture I could only imagine my parents reaction on the last verse lol
You are right. I love the rain.
Finished a tedious spoken word session all about prepaid card/finance programs.
it looks edited O.0
It pretty sure that being a Jets fan pisses everyone off in New England....so I wouldn't wanna start making friends now....GO #JETS!!!!!!!!!
Eggs, and waffles, and pancakes, oh my! It's Brunch on Boxing Day today! Join us!
Lord Daniel Brennan QC, Chairman of Juridica, said: “These are positive results and we look forward to a coming year of significant perform…
Ppl with less followers, have them, because their comments are rude & distasteful.
RT : As I get older I find it's better to have just a few "real" friends rather then many fake ones
I was finna say where they do that.
PLEASE GIVE ME A SHOUTOUT! LOVE YOU :*
how was prom?
can not believe the packers lost again!! Can not wait for baseball to begin again!!!!!!!
#ThingsMyExsaid "Your the one i desire, cherish, & admire, im here to stay & always be there for you"
I wanted to say welcome on behalf of and we are honored to be on at ! Thanks!
Am getting my hair cut...
Derrick Rose down? No matter ChicagoBulls can still get a championship! #Teamwork and #Faith is whats needed!
-Today was great go mhe-!!
thanks a lot! If you have a chance show us off to your friends:)
thanks for that correction, i like it better. we may try to be the example, but it doesn't mean we're alone. =)
Me and Austin had an amazing one on one basketball game in gym today! :D He totally creamed me, but it was so fun! We couldnt stop laughing!
Im a good boy.
Got on Twitter just to check if anyone else felt the temblor! Thanks for the confirmation.
Looking forward to watching #GoDucks Spring Game on DVR tonite..Sad that DT remains undrafted/unsigned but now we all know he HAD jump off
We look forward to seeing you again soon! We will be announcing our next event next week. #indy #inspire!
Fuck this can't sleep..
Happy New Year to all our readers and sponsors!
Vince guaraldi is the man
Its so hard to get a follow back:(
Hope the Easter Bunny was good to everyone! Happy Easter to you and yours!
Right who does that!
Christopher on PR has always been cute, but tonight he's adorable!
So yea #TeamBobbyV is waayyy better than any team ur reppin'....except 4 any team affiliated with my savior!
And honestly, we don't even do that well.
“God is the experience of looking at a tree and saying, 'Ah!” - Joseph Campbell
I'm with ya, Mike! I can't wait either. This project is coming from the right place. Gonna be great.
is meachem going to benefit or devery?
I can't fllw nobody my phone is beenin an asshole....this sum bull
rick, what happened to the station?? Not broadcasting??
I love that...sometimes when there is no will they still seem to come and ask
Still stuffed from last nights pizza extravaganza
If everything goes exactly as planned, there will still be at least 23 million uninsured once all the changes have taken effect.
See you soon, then! :]
idk what is it to do down there
after a 2 1/2 hour rain delay...The & Angels are underway on the Indians Radio Network.
About to drop some knowledge on the COMM 351 class with - presenting on Greek Life is the easiest final I've ever had
we a see tonight then
I'm not perfect nor do I live my life to be, But before you decide to point your fingers at how I live my life, make sure your hands are cle
Delaware kills the penalty. 2:50 left in the first, 2-0 Blue Hens
Watching "Dr. Phil" with Viggle. Get real rewards just for watching TV.
YOU GO HOME YOU CRAZY CHILD
Queering #Asexuality Studies: Examining #Queer and #Trans Practices and Experiences in Virtual and Non-Virtual #Asexual Communities in
#CosmopolitanCollation means cookery from all parts of the globe: Germany, France, England, Spain, and New England.
What do you guys think of "Delicious Things" as the name of my new cooking show? It'll give me an excuse to have gay porn stars assist!
Would love that. Thanks Ethan! brendan at frontgatetickets .com
U are just too excited about the nice weather today.
Brigands demand your money or your life; women require both. ~ Samuel Butler
Dear person that figured out how to make whiskey: thanks a bunch.
Do I need to come by this afternoon again? I'm already eating a block of New Moon while I set up the Cirrus shoot...
that run-in diss was just so hurtful lol
Giggle a little “: If a wack rapper wit no album out told u "all he does is make hits" what wuld u do?”
False. Do we need to have an intervention?
Car service gal: Excuse the wait, we're going thru a system upgrade. So fun. Have you ever been thru one? Me: Daily. I develop systems.
who cares about #beck?? what about #beggy?
please follow back?! It would make my day 10x better(:
a mandatory $28 parking fee sort of nixes the good deal I got on a hotel through Priceline.
... don't play with people's feelings. You suck, fucking lemming.
please hurry
looking forward to lakewood historical society event celebrating Henry Hilow's home.more info
I hope my models want to go over-seas, because that is all I have been working on!
Folks tomorrow Heineken Rugby tournament at 11am watch it here at The Irish Pub. Cheers
feel free to add us to your restaurant listing. thanks!
has arrived at
Oh no. I'm swamped.
#OneThingIDon'tLike is when people put themselves down, or say things about themselves that aren't true.
First day at the new gig! Love it but miss my family!
u must be going to round up. Lol.
Jacketman09 WWW.VARSITYJACKETS09.COM WWW.VARSITYJACKETSPITTSBURGH.COM EARN 10$ CASH EACH PAID JACKET REFFERAL FOR YOUR GROUP 1Q
Done with scanning and on our way home. Watch for more advance digital images of what's inside of the token balls soon.
We roll the windows up and down, and toot the horn in every town. Who cares what the orchestra costs?
your bf is finna get fucked like them whiteboy Spaniards did to 15th century Mexico city. \m/
Believe those who are seeking the truth. Doubt those who find it. —André Gide
you get credit for having enough vigilance to purchase said pair of white pants.
#Rd2Bonnaroo lineup tonight is sweet but has got our #vote even though it's not counted!
Star Mentors is looking for Sponsors for its upcoming 2010 Seminar tours - www.StarMentors.com - Great opporunity to reach 1000s
Eric Cantor is refusing to be seated at the #WHCD unless they offset the cost of dinner by cutting food stamps #NerdProm (via )
Lmfao, I love harry potter <3
Where shall I lick?
You might not want to invest in Bored to Death. I heard the show has just been canceled :(
Shooting a video at dobbs!
Correia sucks. Fin
An unintended effect of today's rain: the smell of wet hippies at the Willy Street Fair.
Um really Grey's!!! If they killed off McDreamy :(
Just read "Ignore the Human Element of Marketing at Your Own Peril" & loved it. Would love to connect
Who is a better flex start this week....Beanie Wells or Roy Helu??
First tweet I a bit and it's a shout out the golden state b-ball
that sound pretty…where u go 2 get it…i wanna get the one on my wrist finished
OMFG I hate that >.>
Good morning young world.♥ Noo school for me today!.. Because I'm sick ugh.):
That guy does the same thing on elevators. It's even worse if he's wearing a bluetooth. Who does he think he's impressing?
#oomf is a real live fagg!
yeah it's tough but we us Yankee fans of New England gotta stick together
tweeting in haiku/ harder than you’d think/ slow in the mornings
When someone can convince me Google wants good things for me over ad revenue via selling me, I will trust their T&C.
I ALWAYS have buyers remorse... Taking shoes back tomorrow maybe. The jeans & shorts I won't as I need shorts for work & jeans for play. :)
I think I shall rock my MS State shirt at work today!
Food for thought: If Patsos had stayed at UMD, he would have been their head coach.
only way to get better in my craft,
I want a guy to sing me "What Makes You Beautiful" by One Direction.(:
RT : Heathrow unveils Terminal 5 satellite - 340 million Pound area will handle another three million passengers
Growling becuz of someone named amber
So. tomorrow I'm interviewing a newborn. Hope we can both stay awake and neither one of us cries.
if that's what makes you happy then so be it, congrats!!!
I'm so excited for the show!
thnx for the shout out! :)
Figured you'd be at the Bowl #HOFStud :)
Indeed. You?
Redefining old Chicago meat-packing district, aquaponics pioneers raise greens ... - Washington Post
Was just thinking the same thing.
Perhaps you should reconsider your choice for the best man?
tonight is the season finale of WHO WILL BLAIR CHOOSE!?!? WHEN WILL SHOW HIS FACE!?!?
can't wait to go to fiji
Super shout out to my new followers. I wish it was a button i could load u all to!!!
thanks so much!
NO WAY! Keep him out of here! Please!!!
thanks dude, Im stoked
Come your way. Definitely applicable to life in many ways!
You always know how to make me smile when I don't want to.
Beautiful day hanging out in the tasting room talking to lots of nice folks. Busy day!
Moment of silence for that wreck I just passed. It was pretty brutal.
Who knew AOL was even still around.
Haha! Maybe you're not so bad after all.
tough call, but no.
Jealous.... D; Wish he would come over to my house!
“: Headed to show, finally get to see these clothes that I've heard so much about!” glad you're here Jeremy!
: Its only right. With a few beverages...I'm thinking we have at least 4 games in the Finals to pull this off.
Don't know if its Facebook messing up or my iPad ;_;
Almost home ..! Was on 55 nd Broadway for the longest ... had hella McDonald's ..!
he is shockingly bad at this
Go Green, Go White. Go Blue. Obviously, I'm not a native.
How old is Camden?
After midnight I get hungry and eat everything
7 new business proposals in the queue. Firing up the espresso machine...
Is there a way to have my cats legally compelled to not eat my face in the event that I die at home, sad, old, and alone.
Preeeezzzziiiii, no presenters notes? UGH.
Lunch and then post office drop-off of our wedding invitations. Almost there!
i WANT A BOOK
I'm that lady on the streets, but your freak in the sheets. ;)
& here it goes..
April 15 @ Triple Rock w/ Take Cover & jamestown story! RT : When are you playing in the cities? I need some ATRM :)
Like yo dude aim higher. Don't try to be me
somebody please make those idiots shut up before I throw something at the tv
Happy National Coffee Day! Grab a free cup at 7-11's around the country!
Same sh*t, different day. RT ": As many as 53,000 dead people and 182,000 non-U.S. citizens may be registered to vote in Florida."
Technology can be so annoying sometimes
Fantasy Factory never fails to disappoint. Lordy.
Anxiously awaiting the mailman, please tell me that money is in there today!!!
At The Marina..<3
Can we make these next two innings worth the workplace distraction #Royals ? KTHXBYE!
What's everybody doing tonight?
So today I went to my "ethnic" roots & ordered a crayon flavored drink, my bourgeois is soo disappointed in me
2. Janet Jackson : Retweet with which you'd want most & what band! 1. Front Row 2. Meet & Greet 3. Trip to major city
hahaha. Whatever. Even when you asked who he loved more he said both of us! lmao
You looked beautiful at prrom myy love! :')
There are books out there. I was just hoping I wouldn't have to leave the building to complete this project.
Thanks for following me, let me know how I can help you get your music on Smooth Jazz Beach Radio -
RIGHT ... It is all good though ... How r u sweetz
RT : Today feels like it should be Friday.
I'm putting the finishing touches on #TheGeniusTheMadness. I'm extremely proud of myself on this one. Some serious musical maturation
AP Comp Test Today!
hey Lil brother love u Hope u had fun the weekend
My neighbor got an iPad! I know this because I always steal his mail. My new iPad is awesome!
We are now offering even more social media services!
Shout out for a shout out?
in #10days already!!
We will have Android and iPhone apps, expanding to more devices so you can bring together your digital world
#ignitecincy was great last night - met alot of great people! Thanks!
should follow me because of how big of a fan i am. nuff said. (: 35
your art work looks amazing (:
Come see the great film written by a 19-year-old Fassbinder... 'Water Drops on Burning Rocks' starts tomorrow, 7 & 9:30pm. 1st show of Fall!
no quakes at 5:30am please. Felt it here in SF too.
No problem, man. If you can at some point add me to that list, that would be great! Thanks!
: "Where was & when we were marching for #TrayvonMartin in Florida?"
Do you schedule social media content, or let it happen naturally? Most agree that somewhere in between is best.
I've never had a burning desire to get a tattoo. Right now I want one. Of what, you may ask. I have no idea. would be proud.
MOM -"Do you want me to buy you condoms?" ME -"No, I wanna have sex til I'm married" MOM- "Pshhh, that's not gonna happen." -_______- wow.
Oh yeah, C-Webb? It's like a tip drill? I don't think that means what you think it means.
They pay their fair share of taxes and God rewards them. Think about it.
Catching up on glee :)
Caps and Bruins game 7 should be interesting
Currently waiting to get out this house!!! Ugh can't wait!!!!
I agree! Babies are totally new to me.
Pasty white skin u used to be coal.
I figure she'll be a badass by default with a name like Ludmilla, right?!
made my day. I knew it was gonna be a good day.
We have iTunes/Starbucks giftcards for EVERYONE that complete our scavenger hunt! Come to booth 318!
Today is a magic day, with no meetings in it. Yet.
“: Wat up bro. Stay on dat grind. Good Luck”
Got a new haircut...looks Hawwtt ;) :D
the sun shining bright, but it's cold af out
WAKE WEED LEGAL!
Free delivery from any restaurant in yoiur area with your donation of 7 non-perishable food items for the Oregon Food Bank. Coupon code...
#iLikePeopleWho respect and trust the choices women make about their bodies.
we are working on a dinner and discussion at the halfway point, thank you for the interest, we'll keep you posted!
Feel like I'm carrying a heavy words inside my chest ... And it increase daily.. turn to loud scream out of my head !hurts!
Damn Michelle Oboma is fine, Prez got my vote just cause he got good taste
#boomsticks position playing a part with that punt
What we on for the summer???
we run a teen girls group! They're a lot of fun. Here's our website, it may help until we get the blog up...
i always like reading your quotes
It's sad. Lots of creative people that want to get out there can't. I wish I could help them all. The world would much prettier if I could.
“: I love how you act like gym class is the Olympics. It's so inspiring.” this sounds like ! Haha!
ah fuck..why am i so dumb like honestly
Preparing my travel itinerary to Bahamas, in late August 2009, for a beachwear competition.
If I can convince myself to clean the kitchen and living room, I will be allowed to sew. First cleaning, then sewing.
Critics already giving props to
You complete me. RT : Sext: Eat all of the marshmallows. Burrow inside Blanket Mountain. Fall asleep watching Dr. Who.
fun!! Its raining here so not much to do :/ FOLLOW MEE
Today is my 15th BIRTHDAY and I love you so so so much! Will you please follow me back???! <3 :) 107
Welcome Shelly, Cindy, Mona, Jill and Tracy! Thank you joining us! :)
Why have white buildings if not for this film "reveal"? Getty's Pacific Standard Time opening.
played great today, and to all the haters out there, keep on hatin' #HAAAAN!
If I were to get in a fight at school, it would probably be because someone was saying something bad about Austin..
gym or stadium
Beautiful day for the #GuevarraWedding ! This time next yr will be ours !!!
wsup fam dis mike nephew from dallas ...wat its gone take for u to get on da album i dont knw who to get at beside 3 letmeknw
RT : RT : Excited for female founded startup launch. Tailored-to-perfect blazers a click away!
I've found a reason for me. To change who I used to be. A reason to start over new. & the reason is you.<3
I get it except Kc has a winning record on road too. Weird
Set it up two weeks before time.
you know who's really great? You are sir!
Everyone up for #PetQuest on Sept 27th?
What students are we talking about here? And what sort of public work?
*curtsies in thanks to the kind gentleman* :-D
nobody in Texas calls soda
Because DA is the fu**ing man
I like the subject and medium of your URL. I have written for A #anth out in Feb. & can supply my writing. Need writers?
RT Now come into the centre and show me your Poor Debra exercise.
Another earthquake! ~4, felt at Y! Sunnyvale Campus. I'm on the 4th floor so we get a bit more wobble up here. :D
did you ever save up, get that boat? Follow up, did you ever find that baby deer?
can we get a follow best of luck to you
Swole I can't sleep pissed 😠
twinkle toast
girl no my Shawty get crazy I didn't wanna hear it tonight Lolz
ah change ur password!!!
1/19/2011 Foursquare Growth: How's It Looking? Online Social Media
: watching ur pie/plate debate & smiling! Here's something:way up here on Lake Ontario,people say "Chai - Lie" instead of chili
rt SinCity roller derby after party at The Queen Vic....hot hot Dj tearin it up 10:30
God. :) How is life???? Maybe we should work together?
no i have finals packets they take forever its everything we learned-.-
listening to Every Avenue's cover of Eddie Money's song "Take Me Home Tonight", love Punk Goes Classic Rock <3
HAHAHAHAHA yes! Finally. Very proud sissy. He's a beauty.
U.S. Stocks accelerated their losses in the final minutes of trading to finish near lows Wednesday, pressured by lackluster #tech earnings.
Avengers comes out this week. I'm excited. And now heading to bed
Tru but what about the ones that do happen 2 hear voices in the mind n dnt know why n dnt understand it,like me.or am I crazy.?
the wave goodbye arrow shirts are the only 3XL i've seen on NIN stuff in 10+ years of selling NIN retail. :>)
Questions of the day? Star Wars or Star Trek? P-nut butter or jelly? Post or Point? Pepsi or Coke? Yankees or the field?
Armstrong discussing X-15 touchdown speed around 200 knots. Speedy little stubby-winged brick!
totally!! she wanted all 3 of them
taking the kids hiking...will send some sketches and ideas when i get home
Most females say in 2012 they rather b a boo-thing or a Mistress then 2 b in a relationship: no stress, freedom, no strings, less heartbreak
Not what I meant. I meant like,I wouldn't be upset at you, it wasn't really your choice at that moment, it was an impulse
sounds kinky
Congrats! Couldn't figure out how to train mine RT : My chinchilla is litter trained. This brings me no small amount of joy.
you guys wanna do lunch soon?
Yep, I have it for my guinea pigs. Their vet expenses can get expensive, fast.
"End of the Prelude" "Intermission" <-these title cards do not belong back-to-back.
Foster The People. Helena Beat.
- why are you in Denver?
*waiting for mentions*
I was just told a bereavement group is the best birthday gift I could give myself: Happy Birthday! Now think of something really sad...
my 11:11 wish is 4 u to follow me and say u love me 11
And if Ruby removed 'unless' and forced 'if not', all you'd lose are english semantics! (Why not just use lisp?)
kuuuu kuuuu, I'll be Gettin the song order list soon and sending it to u
awesome, very good stuff!
Lol that didn't last long.
that made my mouth water.
Thanks for spreading the Love! :)
If God is on my side, who can be against me? Romans 8:31 TLB
Thank you for sharing my post :)
Sounds good! You owe me a call! I'm around!
Lots of ice in the sea. It’s pretty “cool” to “see.” :) Ouch. I know.
Took a practice test and I got half the multiple choice right. And then I averaged I would get a 4 on all the essays & got a 3. RETAKING...
ENKG... L2 SIMPLY AMAZING!!! SLAP THE ASK AND WERE OFF TO DOLLARLAND!!!
couldn't be better #george&weezy lol. I'm in a great place in life. How's it 4 u.
hahaha yes. I felt bad. He played a great game.
Happy New Year Everyone!!! :)
Tiger!!! Im his good luck charm. 3 birdies since I started watching.
It's raining outside. Time to go to deep thoughts mode......
Hahaha yesh victorious I was finally able to change my username and if it didnt change just ignore this tweet
Studio, studio, studio work... and a new podcast coming soon!
o no! I just saw this tweet! Everyone is starting to pack up now....
Sure, sounds interesting. Please email me at .com to get my address. Thx.
watermelon is pretty fantastic!
“: Everything is really not about you. Get over yourself.” I need to be reminded of this daily.
Holiday trivia answer: Port wine, raisins, almonds, cloves, cinnamon, dried fruit, dry red wine, and aquavit.
Complete Scrooges they are!!!! What goes around comes around though
miss you too!!!
Hi JS & NS..saw you on HHI. I'm orignally from SouthSide, so I looked you up. Great blog! Fun to "explore" the island with you.
Tests just discovered several bugs for me that I didn't know my code had. Yay!
ah, have fun! soak up some sun while you're down there - winter is coming and rumor has it it ain't playin around this year
Omg that larry 1D doll sex tape actually makes me really uncomfortable.
For the record...I hate the reference of North Portland as NoPo.
'Bring your experience up to the standard of Scripture; never reduce Scripture to the level of your experience.' (Blackaby)
Thanks for the RT!
enjoy your new home.
Do buffalo really just fuck with random cars?
what about sing and play football
I hate typing out essays
where is the like button on these twitters?
The PPC is awesome. Also available for weddings and bar mitzvahs.
yes we do!! you let me know when !!
not sure! haha what's yours?
Completed blog migration from Goggle FTP to custom domain using their migration tools, simple. New addr is pastoral.loudounlandscapes.com
And actually I think the Southern model of racially-based plantation slavery was fairly unique.
I follweed her!!
Just brought dinner to friends with a newborn. Sometimes you forget how amazing little human beings can be.
Thank you! :)
Enjoying surprise of a 85% average on archaeology class exam...though I'm only half way through the tests.
The liberation n acting is the choices too. ": The difficulty in #Acting is the choices."
it is! Haha
Occupy Wall Street might turn into occupy the globe soon!!!
ELITE 17 fights are about to start...stay tuned for live updates from Salinas, CA!
Just watching tv, you? :)
The habit of common and continuous speech is a symptom of mental deficiency.
it seems to take a long time for we, as a nation, to be embarrassed. Some men still have cell phones clipped to their belt.
Alarm? What alarm?
Conflict in Park Plans Brooklyn Bridge Park, which opened its first phase in 2010, is scheduled to open a new pier and a footbridge betwe
What you call dog with no legs?
OMG. They said one guy gets to come back! It has to be David!
haha "the more you know" xD thanks. I really needed to know that .
Home from the cruise...back to reality
timeline is full or #spurs support, i love it!
He would've been if it wasn't for you, bitch. He's gone cause he went and fell in love with you. You are a toxic disease.
Do you have ANY more of the 'Eat Cake for Breakfast' Terry bags? I just saw it on sale and came back and it was gone! Help!
haha obviously lmao. Think of thick teeter dancing hahaha
At the rosary one of my 'aunts' hugged me and said, "You're so beautiful. DON'T get married." Girl. Do you know something I don't?
shit four overtimes im leaving
Day dreaming on a strawberry swing
I am earning Supplemental Income with my Pets! www.PetFoodYouTrust.com
Breaking down or trading up? lRT : Breaking down and getting the iPhone....smh
ion think iquite evah loved a girl like ilove this one
RT : I'd suggest clearning you calendar for 8:13 AM CST on May 16th when #thatConference tickets open. 1300 tickets will go fast.
I'm not beautiful and i'm not a "Cover Girl " either
I'm off to the Royal Melbourne Country Club to do a Barnett Wine Dinner. What up Long Grove Illinois?
Going to a funeral tonight. Keep that family in your prayers, please.
I don't know what a sexy illuminati Jesus is...
Love the brackets! I'm going to have to follow..
Did you read the expanded version? I didn't read either.
he's locked in his room like a loner
no way, she's outgrown them! Especially with her own talk show in the works
Just had a little #font conversation with Feeling pretty cool.
I'm watching A really sweet movie. <3 idk the name of it but it's soo god
"What we wait for:/ the willingness to be forgiven/ to rise up clear in those we love." Sally Ball, Dissolution
I miss you dolls the moment we part from just hanging out.
nice article!
should have been there, too. Or both our gigs should have been the same bill.
and I chugging vodka I'm my car outside howl at the moon.... Kicking it old school:)
I say what I mean and I mean what I say.
Go Bruins!
I am afraid that Hodgson will just go with the old farts. We needed to do what the Germans have done but it won't happen withhim
That nigga ain't bout it! RT “: WON'T FADE ME DOE.”
You sexy....... I don't know if you've noticed
Thanks so much for RT... much appreciated!
blue moon = the marcels goodbye little angel = nicky van save the last dance for me = the drifters good old days = roger miller
9 HOTT THEME SETS!! COME CHECK OUT THE FUN!! PLENTY OF TIME LEFT!! "Sarah Palin" on stage now....
I cant go to my SRA 1st period because of an "air show" with paper airplanes..ok
I hope they let me have the day off of work tomorrow
The probability of someone watching you is proportional to the stupidity of your action.
Watching everybody hates Chris.(:
Jump into the middle of things, get ur hands dirty, fall flat on ur face & then reach 4 the stars.
Looking back at this ENTIRE generation, what grade would you give Nintendo? Give us your reasons why you chose the grade that you did!
Goss: Our work focuses on changing conditions in neighborhoods and schools for kids.
How can they possibly walk in skirts that short & heels so high & when did I become a cranky 97 year old?
Home-made (vegan) bread pudding with almonds equals breakfast tomorrow.
Dear Apple; please clarify why I should pay 4.99 each for apps that should be native to your #iphone? Like iPhoto, GarageBand, and Pages?
ah man I better stop with the junk grab then...
in like two weeks!
Boyfriend is my jam #InLove<3
your crew could sleep in the freezer and still wouldnt be cool kids.
No doubt but he's really been in a good state of mind even prior to yesterday but what a great night!
great to hear from others that share passion for online -Thank you!
My child will never be on toddlers and tiaras.
"Are you a pirate? Because I want your booty!"
Drink and then drink some more.
Padres have played 12 games, Dodgers have only played 11
Happy 4/20 Make sure 2 come smoke wit me @ the Lewis & Clark Landing...we light up the stage :45 & Animale
if you want another break from dystopian books - CODE NAME VERITY by Wein, extremely well done historical set during wwii
#dalailama "w/o trust, how can we have friendship? Wo friendship how can we hve Cooperation? Wo cooperation how can we take care of world?"
Baltimore, seriously get over yourself. Did you not see Ray Rice (he's the RB) throw a TD to EdDi? Could you have thought of that?
Appreciate them either way. That's what makes em family anyways
now that's a good game lol
first few pictures are finally up. www.everywebbs.com loads slowly because it's had some issues, but I finally got them up!
Loved Corinna Belz's documentary "Gerhard Richter Painting." Focus on materials and process and the poetics of making things.
It is Joey Votto bobblehead day! All the way from DC for my legs.
thanks for the follow. Music is life.
we did. Missed our west coast fam tho... Maybe next year well b out there?
#5. no. i never will
i mean i thought you asked me if i was high and i was like wtf why would a random person ask me that haha its fine dont trip
Mindstate of a winner
Guna go find a Midi Keyboard today
Guess what is coming to Rochester in Jan. Every Wednesday. America's BIG GUNS of team trivia. "Geeks Who Drink!" www.geekswhodrink.com
we've got ourselves another 'Wire' convert. Let's welcome to the club.
you're the best. thanks! :)
We all have front row seats on history...
At #masjid Hamza praying with all my MusLim people
Or strip club
Leaving a French Purfumery and headed out to see Nice!
Opry mills is PACKED
“Four become eight, defending the Earth!” This is why Stan Lee should just stick with comic books…
good work! try it with sriracha, even better
The only "B" word you should ever call a girl is "Beautiful" Bitches love to be called beautiful.
Something we're following RT : Tomorrow’s job numbers are based on hard data submitted by over 150k employers in Wisconsin to DWD
Something I want to do right now; SURF. <3
Thanks for the shout out!
#sljsummit10 Successful school libraries = ones that move beyond "gathering" information to "transforming" information to knowledge
Must be a girl eating at He better be smart about it, but after that office pay phone call I doubt it.
Forecast for Tonight: Mostly cloudy. Patchy fog overnight. Lows 52 to 58. Light winds.
Blind Fury just killed it on Freestyle Friday
Just turned the game. 7 goals already for Pittsburg? What?
Peeta is a bread, not a man.
Our delicious Chicken Risotto Soup is back at Bella Notte! Hearty cream soup with grilled chicken breast, Arborio rice & sweet peas.
grimey gates Brooklyn Harlem make it happen
We Scream .! We Shout .! We Are The Fallen Angels .! <3
How da fuck you bout to be out.of sweet & sour sauce ?
There's a link to my imdb page in my bio.
#BOYFRIENDvideo IS AMAZING GO AND LOOK THE VIEWS WOW!!!!!! :) I love u
Can't wait to get down to Indy Saturday!
what's that there? A delicious shrimp salad? That's what we call good livin'!
I guess I am in a state of "relieved shock" that this trial is over. I can't wait to catch up with everyone. Thank you again!
“ Trying to lose weight during the holidays is like trying to stay dry while swimming.”
wow. forgetting about me already. I QUIT.
hey im alfred, watz ur name
Me, Denise, and are learning how to tie a tie from Mr Eyerly. This is entertaining lol!
Baron Davis just fucked his shit up!!!
Nothing moves but the money.
At home & can't sleep a lot on da brain
obviously you've never met one or you wouldn't say that. Rats are like dogs, they love you and are so smart
thank u boo! And yes! It was waayyy enjoyed! See u soon!
LOL RT : Tim Tebow visited the Statue of Liberty today. Marking the first time he has successfully been inside a woman.
#Imagine Jake singing a love song to you, out of tune, as you lay beside him 
#WheresTheBeef MT : Will Paul Ryan, in big speech warning about... deficit, tell us how exactly he would reduce the deficit?
Great patio day, our specials are apple-cinn hotcakes, and a grilled chk quesadilla w/ black bean salad
Thx, Rick. I officially start in late June.
I'm a have to check this out I love strawberries. You been keeping up with WWE
Give 2 Max only 12 hours in! If you haven't given, what are you waiting for?
And if you still sleep WAKE THE FUGG UP do something with ya life!
Thats full time at the Stadium of Lights. Man United 1 - nil
Lovely day in Minnesota! Gotta love #TheForce that creates days like this.
Midnight showing of #thedevilinside should be amazing!
currently gearing up for my CD release. Get ready cause I&#39;m commin&#39; at ya.
Property crime in
Mens Sine Pondere Ludit => the mind is playful when unburdened/free from pressure
True. Something taller than Wednesday's.
damn it. i wanted "the bieber." pretty sure it's a spoof. domain is registered to a name used by Yes Men.
Hi Jarrett! My husband, a driving instructor, applauds your effort. Keep up the great work Uncle! ;-)
It totally smells like someone is cooking vajayjay in the break room.
Glad 2 hear it's cold in ny, cuz it's COLD in London and I'd hate to be missing out on Indian summer.
James&#39; Site - Simply One Call Brings the Air Ambulance
oops. Or as i apparently like to say, oips
Starting to get flushed. I have a feeling a fever is coming on... I wonder if more cowbell is covered under my prescription plan.
Life's really not fair.
« IOS 5; one step closer to an Android.»
Sick day 3. Flu, you're an asshole. :(
omg me either!
LITERALLY YOU ARE THE LUCKIEST PERSON EVER.
Just ate 1/2 tsp or so of ricotta forte and, whew, that is some powerful cheese. Now I'm wondering how we'll ever get through a whole jar.
yeah its all in the past. Lol I had my moments aswell but yeah its all good haha
I was about 140 shy of 300 - but it has been at least a year since I've rolled a bowling ball.
thank you. I hope you are well. I apologize for not replying last night. Just not doing well with the stress levels.
Tired but my mind is wide awake
Thinking of #Seattle #Remodeling, or #horse #riding for #vacation? Contact for #remodel or for
she's not that evil 😔
answer my text, child.
I love it
I'm fucked up
Like and in their fights. I really like Josh Thomson but I have to wonder if he's 100%. Close fight.
Heading to #SXSW this year? Then please check out Full sound design & mix done by the Monkeys of
FYI. Bron only at 70% free throw shooter same w/ d. Wade. Can't be to shocked when they miss
My Soulmate,The Moon: Science of the Vampire on iTunes
Who hasn't done something to try to get more in life -- taking up art, doing yoga, losing weight -- and found it lacking?
great coffee mtg indeed! brain still nicely buzzing. glad that our two orgs seem snack-compatible. v. serious about snacks.
what happened?
Yesterday is history. Tomorrow is no promise. And today? Today is a gift, that's why we call "present".
Actually it's 8PM on the east coast, so I assume you mean 5PM earliest
It seems I got attached to baseball when the #Rangers lost in 2 World Series because to my surprise I'm watching a regular season game
He is moving there soon don't worry lol RT #NowListening If I Ever Fall in Love - Shai ... #Throwback #LoveIt #WheresMyBoo?!
Doesn't seem to work well on my iphone. RT : If you guys have more feedback on , I want it.
LARA FABIAN - I Am Who I Am: via
heyy i saw ur comment...thank u :)) i worked VERY hard on it!
Almost to Nahville with We have 7 more exits to go
Real People. Real Cash Back. Congrats Judith H. of Arvada, CO. She earned $181 cash back on a recent purchase at Lifetime Windows & Siding!
#WeKnowTheDj that Dj dirty darren ... D Stain bieeeetch... EEk !!! It's a front, she hoes !!! Bwahah
Finally got an exacta. $32.....winning
Read to do my first set of Acrylic Nails! 
Research has shown that exercise can slow or help prevent heart disease, stroke, high blood pressure, high cholesterol, type 2 diabetes,etc
Word from Timbers locker room is pulling goalie Adin Brown was more precautionary than anything. Sounds like hamstring isn't too bad.
the prob is its .008 here & there but just like with ur personal budget, if u do all these little expenses u end up broke
*correction: if I don't NOT want kids....(if that makes sense) lol
Well. Today shall be interesting.
Even the happiest people have down days.
Tronny would LOVE to come back to the Mattress Factory!! How does February sound??
“: God loves the Pacers 🏀🙏” haha!
here you go !!
naw u was just visiting sumbody at campus thatsall
Lol its okay.... Youth is still on your side!
4 off rebounds for Pierce Hornung in 8 min. 6 total rebounds. Dude is killing #MurrayState on the boards.
Congrats to & on their big play-off win today! Keep it rolling.
A new monastic brewery coming to PA. m.post-gazette.com/living/libations/us-monastery-brews-return-after-a-century-1210360
Since the players union didn't get what they wanted, the next step is to recall David Stern.
go Whoopi
...that's all that actually matters to me.
Oh yea not prego!!! So not ready for these people to stick me
Lake Lure this weekend with the fam and I'm excited about it 😄
Of the 11 proposals, most include both golf and garden. Skate park is also popular.
seeking more special interest support. Btw, only royalty refers to themselves in the 3rd person. HRH Linda Wagner
Thanks-- will do!
Please RT! Remember to mail your ballots by March 25 & make your vote(s) count! #OneUnion =
Thanks for the RT! See you tomorrow night at the launch event!
It's official: Hales (old and creepy) vs. Jefferson (young and cool)
lmao he's funny as hell…OMG SWEDES AND BSB
. will be at McGilvery's Speedway Pub tonight from 7:30-8:00PM interviewing w/ Don Kay & Autosport Radio. Stop by & say hello!
Deut 14:28-29 "...bring all the tithes of that year's produce and store it in your towns, so that...the fatherlss...may come and eat..."
When Jesus died, He became your substitute. He took all the punishment you deserved, so you could live an abundant life. Thats good news!
keep up the good work from the K TO NOW WHO WOULD THINK
thanks for sharing! nailed it on this post. 6ag
One to five: I'm half alive. Six to nine: I'm out of line. Ten to twelve: I'm not myself. By the millionth time, I cry.
Hahha are you still trying to get noticed by Austin?..
great show tonight, can't wait for the next one!
Yelling. It must be christmas. But i got new boots!
I'm a little too excited to spend all weekend watching Harry Potter Weekend with my boyfriend.
Jordan only had 2 to's in that gm. Only 1 player has had a 60-pt gm with fewer to's: Tom Chambers, who did his 4 days before MJ's.
United Stats of America, right now on History channel
Tune into the right now! We don't know when Brian will be on so you'll have to watch every episode with us!
and my name aint bitch. thats your name and my name is nigga
Don't you just love being assigned more than 3 hours of homework? It's funny how much #sarcasm was in that sentence.
I think i'm gone get me a craig sager suit
but I also hate non-product placement like in Big Bang Theory where every label is fake. it's distracting.
Hi Shellie! Do you know if anyone in Denver, CO teaches Taebo classes? I'm 17 weeks preggers and looking for postnatal wkouts
of course ESPN didn't say anything about #cuse when I was at the gym an hour ago and had access to TV. damn you, life w/o cable!
Erin, Thank you for the retweet! - Mark
one thing about LA... everyone's good at karaoke
We are listed with the Check out our rateng. Thanks for all you do B.
haven't you had them before??
he is as he does. Your love is at home.
Had a nice roadtrip
I traded head nods with Admiral Mullen at the Navy Bureau of Medicine today. :)
Diva♛Illusionz mobile salon!!! Everywhere you need me to be!
Had to comfort something, explained the concept of Average Cost and verified spouse dates of birth to get claims paid. Hero's work today ...
Rehearsal today! This play will run at the MINT theatre, NYC, in April
ok, im done. some of those were too good not to share
Yes, I'd be honored to have my twitter tag added. Thank you very much.
Thank you for all the advice. Good night.
EVERYONE I GOT HACKED SO FOLLOW ME!!!! ITS MY NEW ACCOUNT
I don't have it anymore ):
#grammylive All the #grammy2011 artists must make sure the hydrate and rest their voices tomorrow! Best of LUCK TO ALL!
Sun is shining, birds are chirping, feeling good... hope it's going to be one of those weeks!
All I do is listen to music all day everyday
Listening to The Postal Service's "Such Great Heights" and it is glorious! #2000's
Well, that's just fine, Ryan. If you hate joy and creativity, it's no pin off my board!
What is going on with you?
I need my headphones back! I'm dying today
can the "feedback tab" be used for other things, i.e. "Help"?
The cat, noticing I'm awake, has activated his attention-getting tactic of "attempt to eat anything on the floor."
Justin in studio today 5:30 performing "Hate Me" and debuting new song
awww! Maybe next time :)
Scared of what? A loss? I respect OKC. They're legit. Should be favored. LA will lose unless everyone plays their best ball.
everyday is a new day that i get to keep loving you
Are you speaking in Columbus, Ohio area? If so, would love to hear you speak.
WOO good weekend :) and still 2 more days left!!
definitely. i wasn't thinking about year of learning code, more big picture helping catalogers evolve
I like Vanilla Ice's Home Improvement show. Whats wrong with me?
I know your pain.
I don't understand when people get so anxious & worried about things. Maybe if you'd just lay back & chill everything would be much clearer
Wonder if Amar'e will be joining Charlie Sheen on his new TV show "Anger Management".........
Goodnight guys 💤👋
People asking why I'm smiling from ear to ear...lol take a couple guesses...no need to brag
Thanks for helping us spread the word! A good carpenter is like a good baker--priceless! haha!!! :)
Love what I do.
As it happens, that's the official dress code. RT if i am going to go to this mobbies business, i will be dressed up all fancyass.
Hope our card doesn't get stolen!
Happy it's Friday :D
What are his hours? We'd make the trip down for such a cool establishment.
Thanks, man!
Thank you for coming out this weekend!
what do you do when your watching a baby and a4 year old and your brother is not helping
It's only thursday tomorrow. Fuuuuuuuuuuuuck.
cuz there stupid beauty keep yo head up they will feel dumb later
New show title: 'yet-to-be-named-or-written-show-so-stop-bothering-me-mom.' But seriously, leaning towards The Storm Beneath (my?) Her Skin
"Holy Crap"! 2 huge power slams, punches and 56 seconds later it's done. Charles Bennett wins - huge backflip off the top bar.
PANDA EXPRESS Best Creation Ever!!!!!!!
mashing it up !!! The old school reggae bashment is back. If it ain't broke...
Dignity Health () has signed an asset purchase agreement w/ for the sale of St. Mary's Regional.
Fact- Over 12,000 Members, Jewish dating for free-no costs ever, #1 Free Jewish Dating Website Action- Join Today # www.supertova.com
To all you females who don't suck dick, I hope your cause of death is CHOKING ON A DICK!!!!
Twitter fans please like us on FaceBook Thank you and Happy Thanksgiving
It actually made me respect cena more to see that.
at school they said u sound like a nigger lmao
I think I wanna get on her computer
Wut up doe!--> Hello. how are you today #GhettoTranslations"
Catch 22,Were built on 90's,baby on cover of nevermind is now 20 something. The upper end likes it, does the young end care?
summer vacation is over and school is tomorrow, great....
Two flights, 0 working TVs/headset jacks. So disappointing! Can I get a voucher for next time? 4-20 flight 683 and 4-23 flight 686.
Thanks to my mijitas for b-fast in bed-now if u let me watch the #LaKings tonight instead of Bubble Guppies-that will make my day!
- Good luck convincing your editor of that!
that's what they were for :P 2 for the drink 2 for the moustache :P xx
Are colonies on Mercury's poles a realistic idea? What value would they have? How difficult would it be to build?
Oh! Thanks u for tell me!.
Enjoyin the swag bag (incl. makeup & ) from the event!!
Getting glimpses of fights (& maybe changes brewing) at the U. Can't get a bead on whether it's the usual crabby chaos or something bigger
Even without Kobe, the #Lakers are a lot of fun to watch when Bynum plays like this.
your brother told me you were working today. I was so disappointed when I didn't see you!
Here Here! Best justification: student of mine who said the average of 300, 300, & 400 was 500.
God does. RT : Who has a instagram !?(:
Feel free to send suggestions for a CLE Twitter username! Don't worry ill still tweet about the same stuff, but Colt is done so changn name
uhm, can you send me a picture of you saying you love dylan . LOOL , im making a video for him(:
dope shit there :P
thanks man, enjoy your evening too
#11 Dallas Cowboys's Roy Williams looking good. Remember when Julius Peppers played basketball for North Carolina..
LOVE! RT : Those who know only what they do tend to work harder. Those who know Why they do what they do tend to work...
Or were you thinking more along the lines of A-Ha, Air Supply and Kajagoogoo?
“ SOSA”Cheef Sosa
Clean slate with good bones, to use a very mixed metaphor.
Have you ever touched an alpaca before? Stop by #stylemax booth 1074 to try it out. Once you go alpaca, you never go backa!
YOS & DYC use different methods to calculate their recidivism rates - so comparing their rates is comparing apples to oranges
Some bitches just ain't photogenic . It's okay doe .
Espresso bar open now until later. All that's missing is you.
thank you so much for coming out to support NYC today!
i could have guessed that.... i would of but it costs a little too much money sorry i forgot to tag you
thank you :) x
Bitch learn how to take a mother fuciking joke or cry to someone who gives a fuck
thank you! isn't 's post awesome? we're looking for new was to spend our next birthdays after reading.
DISCOVER FRUITS IN BANGLADESH | Discover Bangladesh
come on let's see more new stuff!!!
Is anybody watching this Knicks-Bucks game? New York is a ridiculous 14 for 17 from the field. Landry Fields has 2 misses, Iman Shumpert 1.
Can't wait to see punk'd. But I can't see you getting mad you seem so chill!
Count me in! “: Interested in a network of #VSA2011 colleagues to talk to about soc med eval? #letsjoin!”
i dont no but u should charge ur ipod
lmao ok uh qudoba or however u spell it is half off with college id
Que comience la pachanga!! Let the party start!! 
in milw? When?
bella you should come home for a while like in florida in fort walton beach go to the mall its big and fun
This is getting fucking annoying now!
i know it's spring because most of my 5th graders have dating on the brain. oye.
cant wait to see you at
#bizforum Dig the debate format, opp to engage in respectful banter - socratic method for the digital age!
why didn't he score 50 That's why his 81..points against Toronto meaningless...do it when it counts against playoff teams.cant
RT This assessment of security among a set of cloud providers will interest folks in #digitalpreservation #dpc ht...
Installing new #gear at the #studio today. Looking forward to all of the upcoming #model, #talent and #band #shoots coming up.
might go to the y to play ball. gotta keep trying to get to the top of my expectations
I wonder who Michael Moore voted for in the Michigan GOP primary...
Goodmorning twitter lets make today a good day
Who or what would YOU like to see featured on WiredIn? Let us know what you're WiredIn to!
you're welcome!
Nice! Thanks so much.
you're welcome #redheads glad I could spice up your night! Now support my friends & buy that single when it drops!
thanks! Bennie creates some pretty amazing pieces.
Being sick is seriously stupid. Hate.
haha I am! And you too! :D
I just discovered 2 new lion related accounts - and Nothing makes me happier!
made my morning!
<string of expletives deleted>: just spent $160 on ONE textbook.
being woken up by your neighbors lawn mower.
congrats man, the service sounds really exciting
What fitness achievement that you’ve accomplished are you most proud of?
Absolutely nothing, I'm totally Fiesta-ed out! :)
THE COUNCIL tonight! Bring the person you want to marry. It's cool now.
your not on there anymore?
know i was thinking about it, but saw that a librarian was doing it.
hey. How u been sir?
The highest endeavor of the ind, and the highest virtue, it to understand things by intuition
Thank you doll! Miss you. Hope you're doing well
After a memorable season series in the ever-intensifying rivalry between the Capitals and Penguins
glad you like the photos!
Golf Tournament week is here! Call for details (512) 795-4066
#Michigan looking slow. I wish we'd wipe that smirk off of 0's face.
always enjoy hearing you on KSR and nice to hear I'm not the only one going to the library.
just got home
It's a little Drizzy outside, expect a Lil Wayne.
I stay fly & if u don't believe me ask the birds.
do u like jelena
Bolting to #DC for #NYE - Happy New Year, everyone! 2012 is going to be fantastic. I can feel it.
This weekend has been so much fun. I miss being a delegate to #CDP and
What's up!
I AM!!! PLEASE FOLLOW ME
maybe today?
So...I love when Pitbull says 'uh YES,' for the 3rd time in Dance Again.
Grandmother my words could never replace you could never ease the pain of your passing I need you miss you and love you ill see you again RW
#InMiddleSchool I hated my life.
I don't mind crowded but metro + crowds = I'll let others run this one :)
So Facebook buys Instagram, AT&T sells the Yellow Pages, and Blackberry is sitting in the corner crying.
Lightning in first place. Break then back on the field for championship game Goin all the way baby!
Finish this sentence: I feel most beautiful when I....
You came from a woman, you have no right to disrespect one.
I don't wanna do shit today
Googling Slowbro produced way more Slowbro porn than I expected. I mean, I know this is the internet, but...
well played...can we get a sneak peak of the next big social media platform?
stopped listening months ago.
A very interesting thought. Very!
Writing to this next record
Cool! dude's pretty prolific: Buffy, the movie-turned-tv-show; Firefly, the tv-show-turned movie.
done! thanks for the tip!
Jack Black grows a beard so he can resemble
Wow! That's scary, lol. I would run. Me no like zombies or zombie life-like fakers.
#sca2012 Poet Robert Creeley's email is available for search/browse in Stanford spec coll reading room. I had no idea. Cool!
that makes sense. Coffee drinkers in the Northwest certainly wouldn't tolerate Tim's coffee
just workin' away...lol! How's the east coast?
hey Paula, hope your having a great day beautiful :)
"Q2: What was your favorite book published this year?" STUCK and STICK. :)
Hey Ags, did you know that you have to play two halves in SEC games, too? #hookem,
Congrats, Chris, on so many fronts! Such great news!
I wish I could spend all day at the Writing Center... if they finally fixed the air vents.
why are you regreting it
Steak n Shake with my love :) Today has been wonderful!
That awkward moment when you have an awkward moment but you forgot it and now its just plain awkward :O
This list needs to be done over. How are you not on it?
hi how are you
could be a mold allergy!
Actually my avi is for #boobiewed. I was just too lazy to change it since the last time I put it up...lol
on the road. call me tonight or tomorrow
GOOD MORNING!!!! HAVE AAN EPIC DAY!
OMG your site/icons are amazing!!! Thanks!!
-Every challenges has it`s own price. :D
truly admire my mom for her strength I could never handle being in her position or doing what she does especially during this time
Yo bro I wanna work with you.
you like how they slide down ur throat?
missed another ustream :'(
": Alcohol is never the answer... But it does help forget the question."
who's going to see on April 6th in NYC? support one of our featured bands while they help to raise money for a good cause!
I-ching to know if placement of trigrams is meaningful or for no reason. Cool font in any case- less is more and all that.
You're welcome :) xx
Lunch Time! Get a SoLo Pizza & Salad for our Daily Lunch Deal Price of Only $7.95!
hey just saw your tweet. Hit me with a DM & I will get you info...
Ha. When food, health, and capitalism come together, something bad is bound to happen.
no. I'm mad. Hell hath no fury. Have to wait for the fury to subside.
You don't get it. -_- I'm naked. LOL.
i might get an hour when i get home from work.
Oh thanks for all the wing dings. I love the Etsy ones best, and mere pennies.
Idk how the #Clippers did it but damn came back from down 27..
good day good day...and just a side note i'm not racist!!! just ask my main man he'll tell ya the same
Being extreme today!
I am so insanely excited for work tomorrow. It's ridic. I've been texting my work email address ideas that I want to develop when I get in.
OMG!! LMFAO! YES!! MARRY ME WILL!
sorry my friend I really can't find you :(
. If divided his wealth you wouldn't be a penny richer. If Bill Gates did, you'd gain $7.
Whitney's hauntin' me. Can't get the lyrics of "Wanna Dance with Somebody" out of my head. So when the night falls/My lonely heart calls...
hey have you heard of yet?
You said it, brother. Hell of a game from Rondo tonight, though. Go #Celtics!
my tea smells like cake.
omg me too!! Sad! I wouldn't go out there either and get involved! Eff that
should have came to orlando..
And one more "To describe this strange, beautiful book does it a disservice" Thanks, !
Happy thanksgiving to my friends and family, enjoy the time spent together because at the end of the day that's all that matters.
Oohh...we've got some pretty awesome keynote speakers! We will announce them shortly. Rock on....
Mariano Rivera is coming back and THANK GOD. What would the Bronx be without one more Panamanian who speaks broken English?
First weekend of shooting accomplished! Couldn't be happier with the picture quality, sound, and acting!
I'm fairly certain Dr. King didn't dream of 25% off Kenmore appliances at Sears
“: #WrongPeople ...Expect Their Simple Apology To Restore Trust. It Doesn't. #drMM #fb”
I am a fucking librarian! That works so well.
Dear Canada how do you survive without Hulu?
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: Inheritances are the separate property of the spouse that inherited the property.
Come get your fresh orange and carrot juice to start your day, at our stewart and tropicana location!
looks like a hearty "stop 6"/funky town kinda meal!! :) Enjoy it!
hot yoga in an hour :) yay!
is a fantastic service
broken hearts all over the dance floor.
I know - I'm a just a girl but I'm so excited to see what the #Broncos do tonite vs the Cowboys. Myla wants to watch it too. I love it!
get up and dust off your shoulders. it happens to the best of us.
Following. They better be super cute, and have great hair and winning smiles. Also, make sure one of them isn't evil.
I need me a pair
Stanford win only helps Oregon's chances to get back to the Natty.
What does "having it all" mean to you?
What's everyone doing today? Take advantage of the sun!! MOVE!
Big win for the NY Knicks today.. Last time they won a playoff game, I was still in elementary school!
Morning yall! Everyday is a new day let's start the day with a positve mindset.
Made it back home after 14 hours of driving. Trip was extended by 3 hours due to rough weather in South Dakota. Glad to be back home.
I go so hard oh baby u a freak oh yes u r ok i can fucc wit chuu
AAUP's Gary Rhoades rocks. His is a cautionary tale about destruction of higher Ed system. Listen and act.
Both performances on Sunday, January 31st will go on as scheduled.
I'll just bring the liquor !! And goofy ah
Dear , the stream should not be timing out every 10 minutes when I have a 15Mbps hardwired connection.
Nikkas talk about wat they gone do to much
Drop the Rock is now on Twitter! Visit www.droptherock.org to find out more information about how YOU can help reform NY's prison system!
I kind of just wish everyone would realise we are in Panama City Beach, then magically get along, then have fun, and then repeat!
I ain't got nuthin' but love for ya!
dnt btch bout it if u gon stay widd me after i cheat
Please follow me? I would do the best day of all, please.-43
I sure hope not! I can't stand her!
Nothing like a great cajun meal @ the Final Four!
no I will not
One tweet mentioning Justin Bieber and I lose a follower. Sorry, guys. :(
Drink deeply from the fountain of knowledge. Don't just take a sip
Correction: make that the Fort Riley (KS) cavalry. So many forts out here in Kansas, easy to get them confused. Or make them up.
Waiting to hear from VP Biden!
I know you think(might even) love him but sometimes you have to let things go
Thomas made a nice catch on the throw by
#IWantToPunchPeopleWho Concieted, It Mightt Be Okaa If Yu Didn't Look Like My Dog, No Offense To My Dog.
haha so true! “: Where's the prop bet for 'Twitter feed way more entertaining than the game?' Sucker's bet, really.”
The only time single life is were its at is wen u in a relationship
thanks! See ya in a few!
In history , got lunch next
it was yummy
I'm looking at knitting patterns. I have two WIPs. I have a problem.
Its 1am, do you know where your sleep is?
Let's go Knicks..
Is the purpose to intrigue them to buy?
Anyone would quit if they don't believe they're good at anything.
#JumpAround Y'all
Also, increase in skin disorder exzema -- also autoimmune.
Can't wait for the ball to drop.
DNA is that you?
Glad to hear you liked the talk! Thanks for stopping by :)
Anyone plan on being in Soho this weekend? You should stop by the store!
Data Centers in #NorthCarolina Should fuel up Backup Generators with days of fuel for extended power outages
s/o 2 the new follower
I think #BlackCatBar is ready for you. Are you ready for #BlackCatBar?
"The only thing we have to fear is fear itself" ~
I'm so exhausted from watching that game
The evolving proxy war in South Asia & the Middle East is too often painted in broad strokes. Good to see you discuss finer points
Yes Quyana for the RT! Thank you so much! I'm going to be in the State Fair Parade! :) I hope to see you all there!
Streptococci help plaque to form. Plaque is home for infectious bacteria. Kill the strep & the bacteria. Learn more at: www.closys.com
i.e. when the news kept posting Sybrina's "accident"statement...days AFTER she sent her clarity statement
extremely disappointed to learn that only 2 of 8 #COMMONpitch ideas selected are from MKE. How is this pro-MKE?
“: 10 minutes til I serve the Exploration Cocktail from to thirsty guests at the #mcc2012 ”
Welcome. Are the "Grey" books giving you a bump in readers?
Bout to go slam on some Roosters for lunch!
thin mints are my weakness
whats good wit the T's. Ready to make moves
sup bro?
same here :/
got some amazing vintage today
Storms make oaks take roots. -Proverb
Love leaving early and still being late. Good times for sure.
Happy Birthday!“: For my birthday this week, I want to reach 1,000 followers. I need 9 more. Who's going to help me? ”
OH OK SO YA TONGUE HURT YET
“: Justin who”Jenkins He grad today for 345
much needed!!! Thanx guys!
RT : May is for miracles and here we are almost at the end of May. Love to hear your miracle stories! What were you part...
MT SF Superior spokeswoman says half the local bench will show for a court-funding rally today @ noon. MANY speakers.
I miss you & I hate myself for it.
Don't get all butt hurt.
I wish I had time to eat out! I work most nights.
Going tomorrow?
* lmao , my sister just called me a " leaver-me " hahaa b/c i left her at school
Contact Maria Ruiz.
Squidward a pussy
Cool ! Let's catch up for happy hour sometime.
Gotta get through this week, then next week is a Short week then I'll be HOME! woo!
Skillcenter expected to be a useful tool for #entrepreneurship content & social networking for
Lunch at Trails Cafe?
#uwbadgers move on to Saturday!
LSU to me...": Anyone got a read on Musberger yet?"
almost time!
I'm willing to wait forever for you if that's what it takes because seeing you hurt now just makes me want to make u happen in the future...
my first duty as a member of #BrickSquad is to borrow ten dollars ill get u back next week
RT : next best thing to blogging is supporting people who blog - ancient Chinese proverb #BlogathonATX << Awesome.
I'm so glad you participate in
Thanks for following , Nick! It is a beautiful Easter morn here in NY;however, There is nothing like Easter in Greece!
Watching Bruce Springsteen videos from his concert in East Berlin in my foreign policy class.
That's a natural fit. That game in Chapel Hill a few years ago was supremely spirited.
i hate science -.-"
I've wondered that, too. You're a FB genius! :-) But for me that format (FB) keeps me silent for some reason. Different strokes?
Rangers-Kings Cup would be fantastic for the sport and LA. And totally impossible to predict. Like all hockey, I guess.
you do fuck some shit up! we still gotta do the rap thing when theyre tuning ;)
Thankful for the parking deck & covered walk to pick up kids today!
I agree! RT : A6: I think the difference between expectation and entitlement is perception, tone.
why are men so uncomfortable with that stuff?
Requested my first vacation. Maybe I'll finally find time to work on #JulietAnUnPopular 's sequel.
Made it to the park today with the stroller and both boys all by ourselves. Leaving the house is a big step for this stay at home daddy!
:) We might have to mix some up in her honor for our BEA quarters...
pick me pretty please!!
Hey! I just left there....
“: sometimes your words just hypnotize me” ... Guess that's why they broke, and you so paid
RT : We want to transform #Jewish lives not just a few hours a week but 7 days a week.
goes to Starbucks a little too often maybe..
I will get the pics up soon! by saturday. Promise :-)
Guys, time is ticking: If you don't switch teams, your girlfriend WILL force you to see "What To Expect When You're Expecting."
Thank you so much
It's easy to make a buck. It's a lot tougher to make a difference.
Headed to target practice and to throw tomahawks WITH (not at) my hubby. This should be a memorable experience!
Yes. Seriously.
Happy Easter everyone! :)
Monday Mantra: "Dreams are necessary to life." ~ Anais Nin
There is enough scientific brilliance and intellectual capital in the non NASA world to get humans to Mars
Or after u cut ur hand & start wandering thru tha ghetto. RT : Everything is funnier when ur with your bestfriend.
I'm outside Boehner's office during the debt talks and the police are trying to kick the media out because it's a "fire hazard"
Try not to become a man of success but a man of value. —- Albert Einstein
Doing it wrong
Transformer is amazing. I'd start there.
"He that would be a leader must also be a bridge." (Welsh proverb) #LHXXX Rock on, Dirty Thirtiers!!
What's Gucci Mikey? How ya dern? ;)
Damn got love boys and there toys(:
I used my friends address before I moved to Portland. What they don't know won't hurt em!
Very awesome news: This weekend the #SpursChicas will be at the games!
saintly self-control is hard, though I may disagree with what he said, I will defend to the death his right to say it...
No way Knicks win this game,king James is so clutch.lebron is way better than mj,better closer than Kobe,more versatile than magic.#sarcasm?
Get yo 1989 wind breakers out!!! All jokes aside...TY everyone in advance who comes out to battle the 1 star wind... TYTYTYTYTY XOXOXO
I'd have to agree! is pretty cool ;)
fell off for a while, getting back on -- desire to explore. must do things.
Niggars+sex= drama
i think im gonna go kill myself for hanging up on the guy LOL
this is pretty serious! good work.
Agreed. “: BEING JOHN MALKOVICH blu-ray is crazy beautiful.”
Surely God meant to get a Backstreet Boy instead. Well said :
Current line of showers is falling thru St Cloud. In the metro this afternoon. The beginning of lunch at least dry!
ah okay. swag...I guess. Lol
Ah, those noble savages in the Far East!
I do love excel! :-P
lets plan a weekend! Anytime
Genesis Medcial Center - Illini Campus () has named Dr. Peter J. Metcalf VP of Medical Staff Affairs.
Congrats on a great run! RT We did it! 3:25:12!!! Thanks guys! ah! My quads! Screaming! Haha! Thank you
and all of y'all. Are #BAD.. Especially you!..
Good morning! #blessed&highlyfavored
On the plane to Berlin via Iceland.
When is your birthday?
Thanks to twitter, I've seen the same quotes about a hundred times..
Have you checkout Le Club's Social Corner? Bring a book, Take a book!
RT : RT Mt. Rainier 1st on the list! USA Today 10 great places 2 see spring wildflowers...
I love DYLAN
Yo Bro... That Original was sweet!!!!! Your Falsetto is Money!!!
Listening to Black Flag, while I slum the day away walking the streets of #ROC. LOOK OUT #recordstores, I'm comin' for ya!
I would say
restriction order.
I just ate ice cream for lunch.
Taking my tractor to break out a small slab in Spring, Texas off of Treshwig Road. I will recycle the concrete we break out.
That night NBC has Law & Order on. But season finale of SNL staring Mick Jagger.
“: Are y'all going to #BASHH tomorrow?” I'm so bummed I'm going to miss it!
Great to see a friend in the NYT Book Review! Way to go
just try and keep my TL Rated G please lol
Talent/hard work/tenacity help too. RT : Owning a camera does not make you a photographer. A simple, yet oft misunderstood, truth.
crazy ass Marilyn lol but hey you definitely surprised a lot of people. You're still in school. That's great!
Life aint nothin but muscles and money
No Doubt Fam!
Bring that quality = I'll make it happen :-)
My daughter just said "m these peanuts are peanut butter flavored."
thanks Steve and its nice to meet you!
#cildc starts today! Now if only I got more than three hours sleep last night. Yawn. Bring on the excitement, learning, and refreshments.
darn, ok. Well gets back to practicing !
Facebook app requests from friends are F!@@# annoying, especially because I know its an automated system.
that's rough! Lmao.. Frischs breakfast bar?
"i took the stars from my eyes, then i made a map.. i knew that somehow, i could find my way back."
Going down to for #coffeeandcode in #phoenix today starts at noon.
Let's go crush 'em today.....
I suck at iceskating, and I thou it was dumb easy. Team brueses !
Today's the day for the Brazilian Jiu Jitsu orientation!! 3:30pm-6pm 770 N Milwaukee St (upstairs). See you in a few hours!
a little confused with the little "fun facts" the announcer says when anyone wins an
A nice day for one crazy ass night
Anyone #StirOSU? RT : Creative & engaged thinkers... could find an affordable solution to curbside recycling in Cbus.
wait until Billy Crystal takes the stage!
Will my hair dry any faster .
& You make me happy, when skies are grey. You'll never know, dear how much i LOVE YOU!
Driven by thoughts...no money required! Please join our think tank.
Wrapping up a wonderful visit to #mvpschool for their #SAIS accreditation. Very much enjoyed meeting folks in this wonderful community.
So true! My fav neighborhood spot #northbeach “: I just love drinks and appetizers at - It just never disappoints!”
do we really need another show with black people and wolves in it though?
i see as rookie of the year. Definitely will be shocking alot of people
Hopefully that's a good thing, haha.
hahahahaha. Made my day.
I need there to be at least 3 more Wednesdays to get all my work done. Holy cow.
Central Australian Walibri men from different tribes greet each other by shaking penises on ceremonial occasions.
": $10 FOR THIS BANANA NUT BREAD BEER, AND THIS SHIT IS GROSS" banana anything is gross.. I would prolly puke if I drank that.
Thanks for giving our takeout & delivery service a try :)
penn precedent: in the now-defunct american civilization program, statistics could fill the language requirement.
everyday of our lives, wanna find you there wanna hold on tight.
Oh sorry..my Facebook inbox is like 75% spam crap and I always miss the real messages :( Sorry. But now ur here! :-)
Shrimp taco. Rice. Black beans. Fries. Southwestern eggrolls.
Furthur played my brother esau tonight! Do it again Friday!
tig ol' bitties & the name Robin has me picturing Ms. Quivers on the cover now. I don't have to photoshop that, do I ?
“: we're like fam! Laura like me and you!:D” Lmfao this is awkzzz
#YOLO? Excuse me, I have a few #zombie friends that would beg to differ.
Almost finished with a client after this its time for the
ahh yes I should check that out!
I'm in the #burbs with my parents, but I'll be in the city tonight.
With an off day to follow, I may have to stay off the internet until Saturday morning.
The first time a prof introduced that concept, my brain basically exploded. I've never been the same. (Thankfully.)
Thank goodness for computers. OMG does my handwriting suck.
LIES! RT : But You Ain't Got No Ass Doe
We cracked a towel in half this morning
you see our new snapbacks?
My first experience
We haven't seen any eyecare people using it yet. Are you? RT : Instagram on track to hit 100M users, joining LinkedIn Twitter & FB
Honestly, if I had gone to elementary school with you, I too would pretend like I didn't know you... :D love ya bud lol
because obviously you like it duh... And you're cute :)
However, Scott Walker has more votes than Barrett and Falk combined in the #recallwalker election right now.
Congrats... and Happy Canada Day
it's like 8 bucks to mail a package! that's like... 8 tacos at jack in the box, dude. we need a plan...
One week left before Christmas Vacation! CSHS is preparing for the talent show...yesterday, Santa Claus visited!
Kickstarter is going to hit goal today. Who is going to make the next pre-order and make this dream a reality?
Waiting for these doors to open!!! Its roasting out hurr. Haha
I'm in Iraq! It's not bad, but it's effin cold right now, 8 hours ahead of NY!
thanks for the mention!!
ching, ching! :)
{Italian} Dining Etiquette « msmehuljain
makes sure that the first thing he consumes doesn't contain alcohol. But he never mentioned anything about second...
Cranium contest win chance to win stuff and star in a TV commerical - visit Cranium facebook page, Ends May 31st.
Who has blackberry? Send me ur pin :)
it is lovely, and busy! Are you planning another trip?
Blake shelton & miranda lambert make the cutest couple:B <33
have a good time :)
i love my girlfriend :) she farts.
is it worth all this traffic?
tell me why I can see this happening? Lol.
Goodnight guys! I'm so tired..
is the only person worth following on twitter more people ahould just not care and be original like her.
Drat! I did not get to pick up my geraniums from the Assistance League today.
We're quite busy on the weekend. Reservations are highly suggested.
Wallet full of singles = at a bar last night. Wallet with singles & $20 &$10 bill means bartender got with it & stopped charging me so much
2nd time this year the Brewers have wasted a gem from Marcum (at Atlanta too)
RT : Clinton/Booker
Happy First Day of Spring!
they are making every jumper ever
Thank you for motivating me to open my Twitter Account. Let's start with a good morning twit!
hey what sups
Having worked in a book store, they are only well set up for browsing. Need a specific book? Could be in three places.
Have you seen the new vid?
I really want one of those sexy #LGTruesteam dishwashers!
I know! I feel bad about missing my brothers game and my cousins graduation. Lol what are y'all doing in the other room?
Enforce Contract Laws, Enforce Bankruptcy Laws! for
Touching up a few mashups before I post them :)
I am gonna perform 4 songs and then do my one I wrote for her last
"Faith without works is like a hug without U." ~ Solomon James 2:17
Turkey Day is nearly here! I wanna here some of your latest turkey day tweets, jokes, anything of everything, I wanna know. So go n tweet!
Holloway-Attaway: How does one read and write in mixed reality environments?
Happy Patriots Day! Stay hydrated, runners!
Been using for 6 years...love it. Whole biz runs through it. Raising $200k now to build healthcare app on force.
follow me As i am already following you friends
Stay tuned! Big news coming soon...
we are goin downtown Thursday.... Just a heads up
Erick's Last morning show with us :( He's moving up the news ladder and going to Boston! Congratulations to him but we're trying not to cry
ya kno I thi.k they r the best thing so far in this show
My hand always falls asleep while I play temple run -__-
This is why you never, I repeat never, stray from the Red Hot Chili Peppers roll. You clearly need supervision in FL!
We love you, sweet thing.
Summer May 😍😘
Megan Styles(: or Megan Payne(:
friends come and go but karma is there forever.
Happy Wednesday! Hope you're having a great week so far!
im taking over your house tonight man.
This girl came in the library smelling like a pound..
Mother's Day Weekend is still on track to be the warmest yet of 2012. Low 80s today, upper 80s Sunday, and 90 on Monday!
Thur. Ember Fri. Movies Sat. Ember & Sun. Ixtapa ..this past weekend was awesome!!! Shout out to the friends I saw :-)
It's pretty clear from this "brand training" I'm sitting on that the folks giving it don't *really* get that. It's too bad.
we need 200$ in 2 days
I'm beyond pissed that don't get to walk. It's stupid as hell!
Ok. Cutler just made me look foolish early..We'll see!
I'm excited btw your the prettiest original.;)
Santorum says America is under attack by Satan. Well shit bro why didn’t you say that earlier, I’ll support you now…
I wish you could turn on red in NY
it's pretty awesome! Even tho I'm pretty new to his stuff.
I don't know who the special guy will be but I plan on loving hard....I'm planning on loving you hard!!
What is a topic you'd like to see us blog about? Let us know! Your wish is our command!
ok, somebody needs to just make a film called "Coachella." let's get it over with. Diego Luna directs. Agyness Deyn, Joseph GL & we're done.
they've all walked by already
Seems obvious to me the Browns drafted Brandon Weeden because they wanted to bring in an older guy to mentor Colt McCoy.
I just noticed that I burned off some of my hair this morning. Um... Lol.
Serie is "serieifying" micheal in wii cheer. Serieified is her word of the day.
they're trading your WHOLE team.
right after the gym, I'm sure!
Hey thanks for following:)
People tweet instead of reading books because books don't lie to you and tell you nice things, appeasing your self doubts.
Fuck Fun, who wants to enjoy themselves now a days. pfft not this kid:P
Most all committees are little more than weekly" sewing circles," that is another bureaucratic exercise.
This weather is so scary :(
Art & Soul kicks off today in the Artsgarden, with a performance by Kool's Bazaar. Join us at 11:30 to meet our featured artists!
I think its time that I go full blown vegetarian
of course not :P
's Unfollowed me than followed me again Wuddup with that dude ? xD
Hell ya only 2 classes today
Why are there a whole bunch of crayola markers laid across the organ?!
Tell ppl, if they have Flat Stanley, check w/the cashiers.They keep track where he's from.Flat Stanley had fun @ Bronners!!!
Great job on tonight ! So proud my friend!
I ask my self, how did forever & always turn into forever apart
Why the hell do I have dreams like that ?
Attn guys I never wanna talk to: there's a Big Buck Hunter World Championship coming this fall.
Getting a lot of spam with Twitter. How do I prevent that?
out was chilly when I got in the car.
Crashed opening night of DON'T DRESS FOR DINNER. Saw Rachel York again. Thrills and chills, y'all.
Gov. Dayton ..."life goes on and Vikings might move on and that's life."
luckily the sneaker net sufficed and I just walked the file down the hall ha
You guys follow ? She's only #Seattle's best #Karaoke host, as decided by last year.
Every four years or so, a generation of sophomoric Internet commenters has to learn about reducto ad Hitler.
Goodbyes are not forever. Goodbyes are not the end. They simply mean I'll miss you Until we meet again...... R.I.P. Mamaw Judy
We really ought to make a mockup of this. Participatory fan culture ftw! (An excellent grading procrastination technique.)
#asksarah will you please follow me?<3 please?:)
Things about ta go south ... buckle up yo seat belts... and hang on
yeah I don't think tara is as excited as me...thats sad seeing as how I'm 18.
Boss and sales manager filled me in on things and I can see why she has NO interest in training me or being nice etc :/
Hollie in the bottom 3 on AI??? That's crazy.
So, who are all these people?
Wherein I pretend to be Rachel Maddow: #bestnewthing in the world today isn't new, & it's often the best thing, & no surprise, it's coffee.
Food is the mission.
♥♥♥ THANKS!! We need to talk again ♥♥♥
IF MOS WANTED CREW DOESN'T WIN ABDC, I WILL COMMIT.
Time to work out!! What parts u guys think I have to work out more??? Comments so I can work out more on that...
maxwell can't wait to get you back!!!!
Startup Weekend Seattle! I'll be around this weekend to help out, just track me down if you need help with the APIs!
Impressed that the debate is televised featuring ASL interpreter. In related news, who is EPN's hair stylist?
It's nice to be important, but it's more important to be nice.
I was wondering, in evolution who came first the male or female?
you should give the single "ha!" a try. It's short, yet effective and a little easier on the triceps.
WOW...all the way from...Canada,right ? and no 'autograph' from Aj? sorry to hear that :0 maybe next time!! ~~~~rich
I would LOVE to play halo live with one of the BOYZ so I could beat them! lol
Lol! I was not the cam guy on this one!
Do I know you ?!
feel like i should shower and go for a run since i went to pizza king
Wtf? my right thigh has been twitching all day
me too...ima just pretend its Miami and DIP! lol
Wow. No Impact Man wants to have an impact--he's running for Congress!
what's a big shocker? why am i not in on it?
Happy #FF to you too!
Today is one of those days where I really should make a list to things to do.
RT : -- such a beautiful show and the perfect Boston tradition!
what y'all kno bout that boy Mega?!? The Realness album was my shit!!
See the performances at 2nite or art or drawings them all if you can!
No Johnny! Don't drink that alcohol! It's a trap! Lisa is going to betray you and cheat on you with your best friend!
Amen:The Sox collapse is inexcusable, but not nearly as inexcusable as their delusional fans calling for people to get fired
Payin a lil trib 2 Whitney's #ILookToYou album. Not the voice we r used 2, but still some good Whit pop/soul
I dont wanna die in thew hunger games, but i love katniss
Thanks for the RT, I can always use a little help! Stay safe!
whatever kinds. :) whatever is good. Our latest sign is DJ Mourad. Formally of Aaron-Carl's Wallshaker Records. We do it all.
Show this Sunday at Skylark Cafe on west Seattle. Playing with Sap'n!!! Our fav local band! They are so much fun to see live.
NO LIE
Mel Gibson is a psycho, zealot & racist. I just watched "The Beaver" and it was excellent. Crazy psychos are the best artists, historically.
CSU football player killed in Wyoming crash
Just had a refresher on Lana Del Rey SNL appearances in the office. Where were you when you watched for the first time?
If it still hurts, you still care. You're only fooling yourself by pretending youre over it.
what do you get at veggie grill?my oldest sis likes to make veggie kabobs on the grill
glidden lodge is the place to be. About hour fifteen. Nice hotel, even better restaraunt I you like good steaks and seafood.
Haha :3 well thank you very much!
nice! I have a few aerospace friends who I'll definitely be sending your work on to. some, uh "people with munchies" too ;)
My lovely wife is having cold broccoli for a midnight snack. Vile weed!
#mydumbinjury Got into a Bike accident because a squirrel Got in front of me & I didn't wanna run it over,smashing my face and broke my jaw
hi i love you! ♥
It's Nicole from "Home Run Showdown." This is the twitter for my webseries!! Follow us and tell all your friends :-D
keep it dry! lol
It can just take a few minutes of stopping your busy life to turn and look into the eyes of your partner
lets get it
Watched The Graduate for first time since high school. Would never have understood it then as allegory of white male privilege.
Wow. Everyone okay after that last cloudburst? Crazy weather today.
Fruit Smoothie
We do have Burpee.
had Packers v Tampa yesterday and now onto Chiefs at Patriots. Just hopping from one cold stadium to another.
This is national write a letter of appreciation week. Thank you for reading this tweak.
Who's the boss? Oh you are! Own your own business is golden
what postseason playoffs are you talking about? Stop thinking like a lions fan. Getting thru 1/4 of the field isn't good enough
Our second note on the history of zarzuela has been published to our Facebook site! Check it out! (On the web site soon)
Students own many different devices ... they value anytime, anywhere access
True! RT “: I don't buy idea Rose was rusty tonight. Heat has a plan against him, esp w Big 5 lineup. Rondo more of issue.
60% angel 30% naughty 10%bad girl now which girl do u want to play with ?
Home relaxing.... Getn ready for bed..Thankn god daily for these blessing....
MY NIGGA GOT SOME HEAT COMING FOR THE CITY
Excuse our excitement. Check out our updates! www.clientrocket.com/rto
True story for this owner. RT : #FunFact - 80% of dog owners buy their dog a present for holidays and birthdays.
You look so dumb right now.
Lol RT“: Someone else always wins the girl .”
Know that when the surges of grief are upon you that they will soon pass.
well that ruined everything.
I'm bored
kony 2012... OKAY! WE GET IT.
Firefighter friend: "We've heard of shootings and stabbings on the blueline"
haha me too I just hope me and my sister get to give them the presents were making them :P
I know a girl, she puts the color inside of my world.
Paul pierce & ray allen my favorite players in the nba
Pretty sure there wont be a season.
what's up how's it goin
great to meet you as well! and thanks for organizing, Jon!
Have A Good Day Loovee!!!!
Need one more follower to break 1,000 - whos in?
hope you have a happy holidays jacob :)
Grown up concerts are funny. People sit, eat popcorn and there is no pot smell.
Thanks for the follow !
Marketers in the 1930s scared wives into purchasing certain coffee brands thru fear of being battered by their husbands.
Thanks for following! Do you have an electronic catalog of your global properties and partners?
know why
Dude, sick. What in the eff are they smoking where they think that's ok/sane/legal to put that on the Internet?? Wow.
Recall those god damn Minnesota tourism TV spots.
At my first drive-in movie in Maryland since moving here. I'd happily pay more if I didn't have to listen to the 20 minute lecture.
have someone help you if you can, use a wet q-tip to pull it around to the front of your eye.
Wow! That's really awesome. There are definitely some tools I'd like to borrow.
It's a good game! It will be even better when the #caps win & I can go to bed. I gotta go back to work tomorrow. :-)
Not really :) I should... but I just love airplane wifi and there's only one way to get it.
"Believe it or not, Americans eat 75 acres of pizza a day." -Boyd Matson, TV journalist
are you gonna Skype tonight?(:
thinking about making another music video... wonder if anyone might be up for drinking in a bar sometime....
Thanks ladies for the #FF shout-out. Right back at y'all and have a great weekend!!!
Damn I like the way that you move. FEMME FATALE
One of the scariest parts of knowing you survived the day, is realizing you have to do it all over again tomorrow.
Dolce & Gabbana Light Blue is Great!
Why did I just fall off the bed because of this dog? Bed hogger. -_-
Help, I need an intervention for my ridiculously loud typing. Anything I can do to my laptop to fix this?
LOL Damn am hungry as Hell its getting worse FUCKKKKK
Had a blast this weekendtoo bad it had to end so soon
Good morning and happy wednesday! It's #clingyadventure wednesday today, guess where clingy's going...
In da Lab w/ Suburban Hoodlums, What you know about those Lost Souls, Trippin over Pot Holes at the CrossRoads, Lost Souls!
"We rock the boat, Poseidon" hahaha makin' a comeback
Im real to an extent, but i never like to get personal with ppl, cause i hate seeing ppl cry, Its like they get real ugly w/ wrinkles
3 shows to go. At Universal
now u can retweet! - I've always put my career and school on the top of my list after my family. No boy will ever stop me from being great!
Watched Goodfellas for the first time last night. Holy shit.
#YouLookLikeTheType "/ that will have an out burst in a public surrounding ! Embarrassinq'.
I'm supportive- is it controversial? “:anyone have strong feelings for or against annual blood chem tests in dogs/cats?”
Going to a blackhawks practice<3 ohh i love hockey so much<3
what happened to Obamas stimulus plan, where did it all go, PA gov. workers can't get paid. Unbelivable
I'm so hungry but everything I eat I barf. 😷
BEST DIRECTION OF A PLAY:Nicholas Hytner,Pam MacKinnon,Mike Nichols,Roger Rees and Alex Timbers
no you don't. I'm in the kitchen. LIAARRR.
If your on the Peninsula... You've got to go see Sarrtori Fine Apparel.. this is Quality clothing !!
Prosecutor: #Huguely initially didn't disclose that he kicked in door, took computer because knew what he did was wrong.
indeed. Same day as flaming lips, the get up kids, alkaline trio, de la soul and Britney spears. Haha.
& so little time! #medlibs So much good/interesting news 2 blog bout. I swear sometimes it's feast or famine...right I'm feasting.
aw ok then
Blending. amature vs pro
happy open heart day.
i am like so cracked out on this coffee that i didn't even realize my IPOD was playing hardstyle. umm wtf lmao!!!!!!!!!!
ALOT of your problems would disappear, if you started talking TO each other instead of ABOUT each other.
for how long are you staying in miami? & come to the A town! lol ATL!
“: ": already following u":-) needn n wannin to book for my 22nd bday” dm me and we can get sum started
WE ARE HAVING LUNCH END OF STORY
and Riverside County,Palm Springs and TJ too.
G men need to go '88 Tyson on them RT : The Pack are off the canvas!! Bobbing and weaving!!!
": *Help spread this word. #BrothersFightingCancer. #NonProfitOrganization to take care of Our Health,Heritage
Happy hour 5-7. Half off drinks and $5 apps. Karaoke night starting with $2 well drinks 10-12
Your welcome (:
Aeyo havent heard from u n a minute!! :) #JbSWAGGIN OUT STILL
Chris Carter starts off the 9th with a home run... 1 down 6 more to win! GO
I missed Jack White on snl... Fuck
actually I do eat.. :-) and ok.. Imma go to ur hood tomorrow night if ur not busy being a skank
Embarking on a snowy city hiking adventure. Scheduled stops: Cheesman Park, , City Park, food on 17th.
Puppy Day will occur during first period, report to first period for attendance and you will then be called down.
As the sun rises in the morning the urge to succeed in the day becomes greater, ensure you have a daily plan of action to reach your goals
Haha, well two days if I want it to say Matthew. LOL. My hubbys bday is today! I was late to the game on deciding on cake tho.
haha damn that sucks ! I'm hells juiced
Did you leave early? Didn't see you at the end.
If at first you don't succeed destroy all evidence that you tried.
I have a lot of writing to do this weekend, which means my apartment will probably get really clean.
got it homie
is my OLD twitter !
A leader is someone you would follow to a pace you would not go to by yourself
Getting started early? ;)
Always tough on the bench players with the elevated floor. Legs get tired stepping up so much. I feel for those guys.
Get ripped and shredded with Elite Trainer Max "The Body" at Hollywood Body Club
Notthingg much T:
Morning and Goodnight and thanks for the RTs!! Have a wonderful day!
I hope you'll have time to visit me in the Phillips Academy Archives when you visit the F. Holland Day show at the Addison.
Girl in this class dreams of being the first female GM of the Ravens. She looks like she has a better chance of starting for them.
Do you normally work in a photographic studio? Are you bored always working behind closed doors?
"Excuse the Mess: We are Remodeling"
Rapid knowledge increase = fewer experts, need to specialize, reach for help, foster social participative learning communities.
Watching Oprah's
I <3 my son. That lil negro knows how to win me over , smh , I gotta stop giving in but them cute big bug eyes & pretty smile I can't resist
People are always hatin on my mullet. It makes me want to grow it longer.
it won't let me follow u
me too rt ": Watching America's Got Talent."
My bro shows #DIAMONDLANEMUSICGROUP hella luv on his mixtapes and when he does shows
#Peacekeeping... bases on the willingness of member states." Susana Malcorra
my back just started hurting soo bad):
Welcome our newest members to the Milwaukee Chapter! Betty Erby, Demontae Foots and Cathy Wanzo! Welcome to the NBMBAA family!
Herd Michael phelps on 102.7 this morning now I landed in North Carolina and will tape him this weekend.
It's a greater reward at the end of a road that less traveled
So i see you're at JPR now! Congrats my dear! We will need to do lunch soon. Say hi to for me :)
Hey my friend is opening for you next week, follow him bud !
#ireallyhatewhen friends ask out too many guy for me cause it makes me feel stupid.
What are the two types of parole? Which is more common?
thank you kind sir! I like the number 11. ha!
10-24-80 Mr. USA Tony Atlas wins National Title from Dennis Condrey.
As far as I know, it only happens once a year- Mick Sterling and the Stud Brothers at Bunkers Minneapolis Tonight!
My House.
well ashley purdy is sexy to just in a different way.
no I havent
Watching the lightning show over Fort Worth while driving to the Stock Yards. It's my last night in Texas. :(
Other gays looks >>>>>> my looks 😢
At Denver airport about to get on my first flight of the day heading to Columbus.
who uses yahoo? Grow up.
Completely agree. Can we please play it on repeat at our TNT meeting??
Me, too. Wish opending day would get here already!!!
holy moley! "The Guild" made the front page of MSN. What the what?!?
your weirdness is creeping out my imaginary friend
im pretty sure there will he a maingate logo on it so that'll cut cost a lot. Corporate sponsorships help.
Hey, thanks for the follow! We appreciate it!
Yeah… I thought I was leaning toward the digital side but if film is the side w/ enriched Uranium - I'm ALL FILM!
All I want to do today is lay around in my PJs, draw, and watch The OC.
Great first day on the field today! A little cool and windy by the end, but a VERY productive day 1.
New #patCAST tomorrow with & !
Teen witnesses brutal murder in an iPad video shows group of Italian nuclear talks stop Gupta seeks to decide.
you're going to kill it, dude!
Why do you think so many NBA players drive Maseratis? Whenever you're ready, you know where to find us!
Annoyed, sad, depressed, pissed, irritated, heartbroken, unhappy. Words to describe my feelings.
TONIGHT - Dirty Habits with Special Guest DJ's Curtis Dirt, Justin George, Lank, Nova & Weapon XI along with Lotus Resident DJ XES!
Walking down the street eating a pistachio macaroon, giving not one fuck. STILL STREET.
Please text me I just need a good conversation to make my stupid fucking horrible day better
DMX is off the chain
listening to iconic boyz master mixes
lol! I know! It sounded like a good idea at 8 o'clock.
oops. Typo.
FML i haven't watched yet. that scares me :/
Can we all just throw in and buy a place at the beach? Please?
Morning Alex!
where you moving? you can dm me if you want to remain incog...! lol
": just got done tlaking to my OG about this Iowa move she proud of me for finally tryin to do something in my life"me too son
I don't think I'll ever understand NASCAR.
Warren wouldn't be the first unqualified Commie with false background associated with Harvard to seek high office.
RT if you remember "I wanna be so good of a dancer that...that I'll shut the club down"
check my song out I'm a weirdo out on YouTube limmit52
Off to my dance show! Wish me luck?
I finished everything BUT my essay -_____-
RT : Chargers officially retire No. 55
Not fair, who are we to make fun of! RT : Elisha Justice leaving Louisville for Pikeville
People annoy me... A lot!!
Where you thinking of? London, presumably.
cute puppy
You should NEVER let go of a female who will ALWAYS hold you down. That's Wife material!
sweet! i just found out that we're staying on the opposite side of Hawaii as you :( but we are gonna take a day trip up there!
what happened? My dvr didnt record #happyendings. Will you come over and reenact it?
Jonathan Aldrich joins us at the Brown Bag Lecture series to celebrate Poetry Month! Wednesday 4/18 @ Noon-1:00pm in the Rines.
Dear World, OMG. Love, Zach
Off to the White Sox game. Hopefully they can win, if not, I'm going to have a wonderful day of eating junk food at the ball park!
who is cute Louis and Liam
Wanted: burly men for scary dark mountains
:( wahhhhhh I need my little Sam here
Yes! Just wonderful!
that's cool! i volunteer with NCGenWeb so let me know if you ever need help with anything!
Well, has been writing a "ya book for satanic kids" for some time now. But is that a market?
A2: for me, it was restlessness and curiosity. Turns out, social and online marketing is a deep well to fall into! :)
omg its tookin me like 3 weeks just to get 143 followers damn i must b ugly
I hear you on the weeds Are you taking a break for summer from schooling?
Bankers Life Fieldhouse makes me think I should go there wearing a top hat, chewing a cigar and looking through a monocle.
Who do you write for?
Still on the road...I think we may be getting a bit delirious. And bored. at the wheel.
DeJesus with a leadoff double to start the game.
:D RT I know!! Just like the audition. I can't wait for our episode of #TheWeddingBand to air in June!!
#FantasyFactory when i cant sleep... 😷
ha! hardly -- studying instead. Reading up on privacy concerns -- putting on my constitutional scholar cap!
Why do movie tickets cost an arm and leg now???
Dallas HOB may be th best HOB of all. AWES.Show & we dont say that to evry crowd. Xellent clapping skills. Almost forgives the evil cowboys!
There's a seagull outside my window. he keeps staring at me and chattering. I'm scared.
Audition Tip: Stay prepared by increasing your audition repertoire to include more songs & monologues in various styles.
5th graders obsessed with Hunger Games. WHY can't we have it in our library too... Should it be in K-5? SLJ rec's 7-9 and I agree.
Spread the word folks, exciting things to come! While you're at it follow &
i want a song with and #SusanBoyle ... #SimonCowell , make it happen <3
marched in the anti-violence parade. yes, in the rain. it was a pretty good time!
Lol. Yeah. You got that right. :-)
Those who are tired of my tweets, my bad, "but that's how good her a$$ is." lol
When this song come on I'm spendin money !!!
": When Jones wants to turn it on.... He's the best player on the floor!" Cal says best in country. Maybe he's right. Lol
Sunday in Balboa Park at Earth Day was super. We got to meet to interesting new people as well as say hi to our current and old patients.
Poised Creation has met many amazing people in Arlington! We would like to thank you for shaping music in your city!
who do I start at flex rob gronkowski, Felix jones or percy
Great! I still don't know exactly what I want to say, but it will be geared to school librarians.
: help! My lip brush top came off inside my purse. Do you know how I can get rid of the lipstick spots?
We have even more sponsors on board fro some great prizes. Thanks to Girl.Bike.Dog for some awesome custom messenger bags!
hey fam, would appreciate the follow back. dope work you're doing!
Its all about bricks...building the life I want 1 brick at a time. Have 3 things I am doing TODAY to get me closer 2 my dream
Happy to be spending the day with my best friend. Don't know where I'd be without her. #HappyMamasday to all the amazing moms out there!
That made me smile ear to ear :) I'm so glad you like it! Hopefully I can do this full time soon and find even better stuff!!
Day tripping west today, I'll be on LA by sunset to see my best guy and sit on our 17 acres.
wicked excited for 's special on tonight!
Links Re up on www.watchnhllive.com go register and watch all your hockey games no matter were you live check us out and enjoy the games!!!!
I intend to live forever. So far, so good.
When u feel like reality is too much watch Alvin & The Chipmunks
No but have you watched Kathy Bates in Harry's law?
The smallest things can mean so much to someone without them even knowing it
They are delicous! The peanut Butter Cup in my favorite!!!!!
Here It Comes...Slip The Jab
RT please help trend #keepfightinggary for an 18 year old boy from Scranton,Pa in hospice battling cancer for the 2nd time
You too, dudes! Hit us up if you want to come up north. Well rage it out.
Nice new site Bosley! If you're not playing this Friday, come to 8x10 to see with Brooks Long. 3/23 8pm
If we're being honest: Nikki Sixx isn't a great bassist. They gave him an award at #goldengods for surviving.
My sign says "no solicitors" dammit! If it's not raw/health related....don't try to sell me shit!
Eliminate procrastination. Completion is the engine of power, freedom and peace of mind.
RT : so what was that #gardenchat cocktail at IGC tweetup last year? #gardenchat <-- The "Sage Advice"
The greatest mistake is trying to be more agreeable than you can be. Bagehot, Walter
show me your boobs! :D
And we have #wine! In my glass: 2007 Old Vine Zinfandel
US vs Canada in Gold Medal Game!! Stop in the "other" Vancouver so that you dont miss the game tonight. Mention Twitter and receive 15% off
I Need A Birthday Present
lol i only spoke the truth
No one can go back and make a brand new start, however anyone can start from now and make a brand new ending.
Thanks for the <3, Susan!!
Bored as fuck
how is your morning going ? ILY
um....what? If you think I can just drop the N bomb and get ratings...you know eff-all about radio and should stick to...whatever
RT if you agree that #MAHOMIES are the best fan base ever! <3
I get mad when people correct me
thanks so much for helping me with my project!
btw the rapid fire postings a few minutes ago are all related to #humantrafficking & the part played by #VillageVioce & others in the crimes
or, the nipples.
nothing's there !/:
they add liquid detergent to the beer
Just don't forget the sunscreen! RT : Yahoo Sunshine! Let's get outside Portland!
rename it ChaLukA ?
Yep. It's snowing right now. Very lightly, but that is snow.
Today is National Walk at Lunch Day! Don't forget to rub Testudo's nose as you stroll McKeldin Mall. Get moving and enjoy the lovely day!
You guys ready? I know is!
How can we help you? Do you need your social media managed? Laptop screen fixed? Computer running slow? Antivirus needed? 775-636-8378 ^jl
Off to the golf course>>>I love my life
600th tweet goes out to
Our new series "Who Do You Think You Are?" will show you how to recognize, talk about, and live your #identity! Come this Sunday. 9:30 & 11
My mom just admitted she puts on my cd in the car, even when I'm not in it. I taught her well. She's singing with me now. :)
Congrats!! Na'im Lynn New Host Trippin on Tuesday at Comedy Store
#kids iD Tech Summer Camps in Texas held at SMU, TCU, and More! at Southern Methodist University, Sun, May 13 9:00a: Love gaming,...
You sure did, cause I sure do! ;) I have 2, a daughter & a son.
": awe sooowwy!" About nick today?
Interviewing Sissy Spacek here in a few minutes. Starpower in the building...
I'm gonna need Starbucks tomorrow. Venti Iced Vanilla Latte w/ light ice here I come.
Let's Go Cardinals!
lol just lost a follower. byebye
Startups are about sacrifices.
#4WordsYouDontWantToHear we need to talk.
How was everything on Saturday? Did you have a great NYE?
Hi Cindy :-) What do you see in the 2012 New York Mets?
Unfollow this page it got hacked follow my new one for a shoutout please
We arrive tomorrow! We'll definitely keep your suggestions in mind. Thanks!
's pricing strategy makes no sense to me. Why mark up in-store prices 30-45%? Don't you want customers to come in and impulse-buy?
That is hilarious!
These chics 12 deep at da liquor store rack.n up on drink..... they say there having a girl night at da W no guys allowed.... Haha
Someone shld create a anti deodorant soap...!!!!
More book recs: Simon Montefiore's Jerusalem:The Biography, The Collected Novels of Jose Saramago ($15 on Kindle), Arthur Phillips's Prague
That'll work.
Well then, ask!
These unique names all belong to beans, of heirloom varieties.
Q. Which business headquartered in the Bay Area has the largest number of employees, over 100,000? Answer SAFEWAY
just finished our penultimate day of shooting for seizure 2. tired, but it's going to be oh so cool.
Celebrating my BDay! Spent the Day at The San Francisco Zoo w/all the Animals!! How perfect!! What Blessings! :)
Patience is the key to the right heart.
Criticism is destructive. This is why it is the favorite pastime of untrained children & unaccomplished adults...
haha your eyess :D well we roll the same way :) water proof case? Aayay haah, all advanced lol :b
Bet ya didnt hear me that time
I can fake with the best of anyone
I wonder what it would take to awaken a people... Any thoughts?
So cool to see so many schools winding up the year with field trips to LDCM. We will see you all this summer!
We are going to release a special new track on Saturday the 20th. Keep your eyes and ears open :)
nice to meet you too.
#NowPlaying: "Swing, Swing" by The All-American Rejects.
Will be fun to hear your news.
The color Brown > RT : James Brown > RT : Cleveland Brown > Mike Brown RT : Niño Brown > Mike Brown
DAYDREAM THERAPY presentation from UCLA Archive - hopefully LA Rebellion Films can be unorphaned-Allyson Nadia Field
Can't sleep...
Ive spent much time in & study of Sudan & have seen the brutality of Bashir. Come 2 the MeckYoungGop debate 2morrow 4 more
I haven't. Just looked it up and it sounds fascinating. RT : have you read Things Fall Apart?
aw no worries it alright :) I hope you get it back too #FingersCrossed ;) but hey f4f on this one?
“: Or "Rubiq" - deadmau5. Don't lie, you've never heard of it. Once again, it's my duty.” #LIES some of us have heard this!
get all that garbage out of sight or you dont go out friday night.
I had no doubts. Kobe is a Game 7 machine.
Had fun at Big fan of 09 Cab and the Late Harvest Sauv Blanc. And, just really fun people
word i have a physics project im starting tomoro. Screw it.
love you too :)
surgery for what 50 are you ok
This sweet tea >>>>>
so oded golan was just found not guilty on all 43 counts relating to forgery re: the infamous "james brother of jesus" ossuary, interesting!
the Unemployment is 8.6%?, But i Know 4 a fact that people are not looking anymore they had Given up after Mo's & yrs of denial of work
This week my work schedule drops from 45-50hrs per week to 30-35. I finally have time to do important things, like absolutely nothing.
... Meeting with Faith Evans about Brooklyn Mint production…(check)…Product launch with Misa Hilton (check…..Sleep……..
I'm not liking your attitude ahahaha
I describe myself as large enough to not tickle but small enough to not wake you up.
are playing a FREE SHOW tonight at The Basement in Northhampton, MA ... 8PM ... Be there.
#happy Easter he has risen church was lovely
not exactly. I would have welcomed a nihilistic, no matter what you do it ends this way, meaninglessly, end.
Woohoo! Monsanto's GMO's are going down in CA! A million petition signatures were gathered to put label GMOs on ballot in NOV!!
Get that shit outta here
ok i need to know what is the song valarie that was used in glee from
I AM IN LOVE WITH THIS PICTURE. And so upset I am not at a theme park.
Night see you on the other side bithes <3 ✌
RT "Opinion + Twitter + Math Imagery = Talking Point." How meta...
you have locking lug nuts that we need a key for? Did you have the key with you? Will pass along...
Thank god your here! ^_^
sorry i dont
I'm trying to! I need to get a band :( r u?
you guys are killing me :(
yeah, fb exploits that info for sure. And I fully expect Google to exploit my searches and my email (cont)
I'm going to start randomly giving you pennies now
The United States Citizenship and Immigration Services is a division of the DHS, which has taken over several duties
it's not. Literary clubs/salons were quite popular at one point. Charging admission to them though is pretentious..
it is divine!
Brutal. Why wasn't Chuck on the field for intros but 3rd assistant video guy was?
We wish! At a benefit. Soon we shall convene the nerding, Sir.
Boo to websites that have no way to turn off their auto music.
LIFE IS LIKE TOILET PAPER - YOUR EITHER ON A ROLL OR YOUR TAKING SHIT FROM SOME ASS HOLE" :)
If you want Love you have to give Love, so today's Text You - "Practice loving thoughts to those around you"
Off to work. Won't be back until 10. Have a good evening!
Now on to audition 3 with Eric Gillette!
{ Evening Classes at Romney } PULSE Barre and Group Reformer: 5:30
Bank of America cancels $5 debit fee, choosing instead to spin off ATM machines into a division named "Qwikster"
Are you moving? If so, where?
he lives in Miami.
literally every.single.tweet. on my feed is about
Great meeting and chatting with you at the AMA's. Look forward to having you in the office
yeah. I'm not ginna eat wings thats unhealthy.
RT : SAN ANTONIO! Tonight, join & at KLUSOZ... at RIO... at PEPPER.
When it comes to jewelry, what color combinations would you like to see together? Be bold, be daring!
Getting soné tickets NeXT week yes
and then I heard the lady say Justin told everyone to listen to this song and now it's at
the second set of missing babies this week that I know.
Learning never exhausts the mind ~ Leonardo da Vinci
RT“: RT Ron Paul leads Rick Perry, 9 votes to 4. I'm having flashbacks to Alabama-LSU”-hahaha nice!
A little worried about how sick I am, 3 a.m. booty call & I didn't bother to answer.
you're crazy!
Damn you ! Waiting for Diablo 3. Site is down.
dude, glad everyone is ok!
watching and laughing at one direction funny moments wahahahhaha.....:P
happy birthday to your Mom!
Hope it passes! Such a great idea! : At hearing to make an animal abuse registry in state. Much like sex offender registry.
I'm a moderate economically. I'm a Reichian, probably....by no means a Laffer nor a Misian.
#WhenIGetBored I walk two houses down to my best friends house....at 5 in the morning.
"Don't Leave me This Way" was performed by Thelma Houston, but not written by her. (TSOP) Guess that's what I get for watching
Pound for pound should easily win against anyone. But will American race issues get Romney in the WH?
Listenin to Under the Mistletoe in May ...(; lmfao <3
No matter how hard you try, someone is trying a lil harder than you
“: yesterday, I learned why you don't do paintball for your birthday party cc: ” lol
In a worth dying for mood.
Your such a slut
Are you going to make it to our #SLP presentations tomorrow?
I think that's good for me!
Is this true??
lmao let's play real base ball
thanks for making your guess about the restaurant. I'm looking fwd to see who guessed right!
I have a trouble ticket into support but haven't heard back and no one is answering the phone.
thank you thank u 4 following me but i still need mor FOLLOWERZ!!!
You should check out our site - we have playoff MLB, and you can pick a new football team each week!
To much "Atlanta" ain't good for the soul.....
morning love from Colorado
For , the issue is that XML's data definition language and data manipulation language are too separate
ya but thats pretty good for LC! my fastest is 25.4 SC so im gonna try for high 24 SC.
A Saturday night game in the windy city for the Red Sox. Can Lester pick up his first W of the year? It's been 8 starts since he last won.
Classy world class performance by spurs.
'Cause when that BubbaGumpLip jokah flicked through those racks musing about mermaid gowns?! Whoa no.
Every parent wants a healthy baby. “Think 39” weeks. Healthy babies are worth the wait!
Another thing don't text me I like you so much I want to kiss you then text your girlfriend I love you right after that!! Again way to hide!
RT The average age of a fast-food worker today is 29.5, up from 22 in 2000, according to the U.S. Census Bureau.
“There are no great limits to growth because there are no limits of human intelligence, imagination, and wonder.” - Ronald Reagan
and was like fuck Barbies lol they have nothing
so great, I ordered it twice! Also denied twice
Same here!!! RT : RT : Friday and Saturday I am going to rock the orange and blue!!
My roommate went on the Anderson Cooper talk show and failed to mention she got us 2 Dyson bladeless fans as a giveaway. Bring it, summer!
Hey #ATL friends! I'm looking for a photographer for an event this weekend. Know anybody? Please @ or DM me with any suggestions. Thanks!
Hey I am down!
We #would like to #take this #time and wish all Mothers! Happy Mothers Day
Also, putting Fruity Pebbles in brownies is a good idea.
#20ThingsAboutMe 6. I can't wait till I can drive.
We are excited to keep you connected! Have a safe trip to Mexico!
very powerful!
where you from sweetheart
Thanks for sharing our post! :)
Listening to country music while cleaning.. god I love my roots.
God Made Life Hard So i Will Try Hard To Obey......
Are you really a sailor's wish? Or are you an optical illusion caused by a woman sitting on a rock holding half a fish?
Meeting at Hotel Gansevoort with
U guys were awesome at skinny's Lounge, I love the album "Not so sleeping, Not so beauty" been listening 2 it all day:)
At RIC w/ DOE, President Carriuolo & #RI Gov Chaffee at White House Community Action Summit for Init on Ed Excellence for Hispanics this am!
Less than 24hrs away from taping of Ep3 in with guest and more! FREE TKTS
my new favorite thing....picking a song a day and dancing my butt off to it in my socks....tom cruise style. Totally happening right now
Hollander, of course ;)
Yay! RT : Just wanted to know I had some ppl over this morning, they got all excited about CAT GIRL'S DAY OFF.
Me thinks and r the best road trip co-pilots i've ever had.
Being nice sucks....it gets you ignored and taken advantage of
um I'm sorry? I didn't know? Umm ill stop? I'm Sorry... But i won't stop talking to him. But I'm so so sorry!!
"Dubya Alums Rice, Hadley, And Gates Join Forces For New Consulting Firm" #huffpost How to start pointless wars!
My taste buds are doing a happy dance! Thanks for featuring my favorite flavor on my birthday!! Turtle Sundae! The best!!
Nah for real, yall really let that man call himself Metta World Peace! I'm not gonna let that slide. YALL let him do that. Lol
follow back monster?
Good shit craft!!!!!
Very Embarrasiing Confession: as a woman of a certain age and shape, I have been pondering Debra Messing's wardrobe w/interest.
IM a sneaky ninja !
I am half way through the week. I can't wait for Friday.
wait what?! Where did you hear this from?
Overheard in class 2day: "Facebook is for people who still care about people, man. I don't give a shit. That's why I tweet." Fair enough.
#shrmva #hr Meissinger: execs want to know their HR folks know what is happening in their external environment. Volunteering facilitates it.
Happy Birthday Captain! enjoy your special day:)
Keep checking my e-mail hoping for more info to do #readersadvisory exercise. Uber-excited about using these tools for the first time
all I asked is that he credits stuff. Wait until you hear the details.
That is really cold. I dont think i could stand that for very long.
lunch & movies. happy mothers day.
special shout out to the lovely ladies and gentlewomen of #teamlesbian <3 have a great day everyone
So, now we know who to blame....
Our friends at the Stadium Inn are doing free shots for Bronco TDs and a #Tebow jersey giveaway today! Head over to The Old Standby.
I'm almost 40 and am in the same boat!
31 days till I move to florida<3 so exited !!(:
I hate loud and obnoxious people.
Quick and easy bucks to sacrifice the only real title team we have known in this town. The Sonics where ours.
#rhnj 😊 I hope is on this episode, alot 😘
CD's, superglue, and salsa
what is that suppose to mean? She is a beautiful brilliant business woman! ;)
unlimited pizza
you better not have finished w/o me!!!
I always wonder if I made the right decision .....
Big event this winter w/ in #Howell MI, downtown and going to blow away every other crappy rail jam you've seen. Stay tuned
imma Let it GO
think that #computerscience for archivists is necessary as part of masters degree just like paliography.
Thanks for the #FF!
Pizza for breakfeast! :b
So exciting! I'm glad to hear that. Wicked is keeping me very busy :)
Happy mother's day to all the moms out there. A great day to you fore a job well done!
what a perfect view!
I forgot my damn lunch, now I cant eat and my brother wont buy me food either. Today sucks.
Tiger is making a big move, tied for the lead through 3....
how thoughtful!! :-)
your not following me
We are looking for 1990-2005 40" automatic die cutters w/ stripping in the U.S. only. If you have one for sale, email to
+1 ! RT : Thanks for organizing a very interesting Saturday at
I miss those...hope ya hit Vegas soon! ;-)
Marriage is give and take, so give it or she'll take it anyway-SHAWN ROBINSON
haha, yup, me too!
Kids grow up too damn quick! My little girl is starting High School.
I told Kenny he was adopted 😂
bored doe...: Personal Deep Dish Pizzas
Have distinct poetry-writing headache & yet have written no poem.
I guess I don't get Twitter as much.... Who cares if there is TMI? :) good to see you at least on 1 social network
Amazing work. Congratulations on another fantastic #CreektoBay Cleanup.
#MyFavMichaelJacksonSongIs I want you back!<3
So proud of my sister
I just wanna love u baby
cute Jake
remember the great feeling you felt when you clicked the "follow" button? No, maybe it was just me, anyway, I've lost that feeling.. so sad!
Romney calls President Obama "divisive." Once again, the pot calling the kettle Kenyan.
Check Out DamnFoolz.com...Check Out RisingModelz.com... Find Me On facebook at Anthony Starks...
is Legendary ♥
Your O-face makes me smile.
I hate the MBTA
are you in the "it's alive" session?
You can't please all mf's
Thank you so much for the love!
LOL #awardwinner, huh? RT : So now Chuck's just gonna be sour cuz his prediction was wrong, lol
#Dow extends loss to more than 200 points on renewed concerns about Europe's debt crisis.
cap full of bleach
So my #napchat turned into #bedhcat - went down for a nap around 7 pm and I just woke up!
good morning wow that's cool Ty
Message me for a great, price-conscious gift of bridal boudoir for your groom $199 special! ...mention
I like the green myself, or black.
tell me what you know about fighting inner battles
It's been forever since we've connected on Twitter, but I'm doing well -super busy with my new job, but good. How about you?
:) hope you made it by!
Merry Christmas hockey fans! <3
I dont have any patience :/
And boom, just like that it is work-in-your-underwear weather.
Oh blue sands, I don't want to go out there and pretend.
Laundry room change machine. Why do you hate me?
Bait a hook.
In the end family is all we got . Keep your head up and I love you <3
Being single sucks when you know exactly who you want.
A good use of schema.
making me proud, McDreamy!
and I r pretty pumped about it! Congrats. :) See u soon!
haha we would consider it, but and make the call if they want to take
As long as u don't make me go to a game :) RT : Nope, Im going to buy you a Browns jersey
Twitter > Facebook
Playing this game to kill time. But I'm hungry! & the grill is right in front of me. I have to cook by myself. What kind of place is this?!
I support all my followers... #team follow back..GN
You still want me to make yo CD?
Nice! Must feel good/weird/scary... Btw, I just ordered my 'used' copy from Amazon.
Hey guys our flavor of today is a plantain coconut cupcake with coconut icing topprd with shredded coconuts the plantain loco free delivery
Ugh Monday! You're killing me. I can't get up yet. Shut up alarm.
So great to meet you in StPete. loss of Dan will always remind me how important it is to let those we love know how much we do
I watched two episodes last night I was dying
lol WE SHORE DO
no such thing as too many pairs of jeans!
First day of Spring quarter begins with Anatomy & Physiology. 700 students, 1 lecture hall and all pre-med students. Here we go...
Indeed. At least they wear their influences proudly
dick dick dick dick dick dick chicken sack fuck shit chicken
I am thinking about getting a BMW 116i for a new car!
I'm glad I shaved my head. If I had my hair trying to play football, oh god...
im crying omfg
look:Linux Kernel Developers with focus on low power, code optimization, drivers, Android
I love yo dimples when u blush(:
i gt u
yeah they're making it
Mass, then helping a buddy move, and then a BBQ for my friend getting married. It is going to be a long day.
we just gotta get the running game going again.
Ppl thing the playoffs r like a reg season game. Totally different it's we're u separate the men from boys.
How does Chef Creole runout of griot? I'm very disappointed
Home sick with strep throat today. Just discovered Young Frankenstein on TV! Saved! Hurrah! My Pop loved this movie! Mel Brooks is amazing!
Halloween is almost here What will you be this year..Will you be a vampire, beer girls, betty boo zombies or just you let me know
in that case, we'll talk into it. :-)
Could never get enough of him. <3
I didnt know if you guys were doing the pathfinder day or anything.
hook of broken vegan shame...why yes! how'd you know? "Chicken's not vegan?"
Just saw a #Grantland TV ad...looks like Simmons made the big time
Claire said: is there any money? Pam heard: what? Eddie Money is playing?
I'm falling for your eyes but they don't know me yet.
they have sensors....
Can I just go back like one week and do it all again okay thanks.
I do know one thing tho, bitches they come they go. Saturday through sunday monday, monday through sunday yo.
News junkies can get CNN and Fox News at the office with Business DISH! Call John at 350-6428.
RT PIPA raises serious concerns about our civil liberties. That’s why next week I plan to oppose the current #PIPA bill.
An accountant can use a company’s previous years' performance as a guide for planning for the future.
THE BEST HAS YET TO COME
Thanks for the follow; we'll do our best not to disappoint! ;)
I am the Crocodile!
psn more please
me is so very bored someone talk to me? :/
You know society, if you wouldn't make me so uncomfortable I wouldn't always be so awkward.
Is Chris Rock Benjamin Button?
Perfect Day Off!!!
if they cancel Community, I'm going to be livid pissed
RT : RT : If you can't join us at conference, follow us at #WFFConf12 for updates and key learnings from the...
Awesome new floors!
I just realized that the labor at the Highlight Factory is union.
what's up
oh so now musicians?!
Note to self: Leave 15 minutes later for work, because apparently, traffic goes the other way in the morning.
Ride Wit Me - Nelly
I say yes. Reflection of the media of the people. #sad I'll join you, Todd.
STOPP MENTIONING ME!! What the hell are you talking about?!?!?!
Im fucking bored and not tired what should i do hm...
ight we see
In school -.-
Might just be out all night though its fucking amazing outchyeaa
Nice to see Ridley getting some touches
That was definitely the greatest live chat ever!! ZAMERON!!
I'm about to go get me some Drae beats!!!
"I know people who only feel they exist when they're judging, comparing, or complaining." Paulo Coelho
Saturday Night Studder... is goo- is goo- goo- is really goo.... really good. (i'm proud)
read an article about this web 2.0 stuff...now I know all the tricks
Bo Ryan is upset with Uthoff bc he's backing out of a 4-yr commitment in Bo's mind. Remember, Bo is not Calipari. Commitment a strong word.
Excuse me miss, that's a fine ass you got on u boo....
oh hi there, I love you more ;)
#GoTribe 18yrs ago my tribe thought we would live underground on bullybeef or have to go to Aus. Suckers!
fuck, i think im getting sick.
so true!
lol you'll look funny I bet, but it's ok ;p
I wish! Come to the Boise date and sleep in my bed.
Go with us. We're money in the bank. Just kidding but we do have great selection, prices and service.
Really excited to see what happens with my diary study on mobile image sharing, 35 people around the world are sharing their stories
Nerd alert!
Thinking about distributed archives.
can I get it
Have a story about battling the odds, resilience & determination? Share it w/us 2 be part of our free show 9/22 @ Century Plaza....
We change, we grow up, we fuck up, we love, we hurt, we're teenager, we still learning.
#Songwriters are the gas to the #recording artists' #car. Where would we be without good
It's definitely throw 'em in the deep end for me, but also be ready to steer toward resources as students identify the need.
Some people take coffee breaks. I take Pinterest breaks.
oh and Eric spoelstra? Hope he gets eaten by a rabid dog. His mahalu looking ass. Needs to go back to the damn A/V room
we're set for next wed! I'll follow up shortly :)
do you enjoy condoms? Or always have one on you? We're not talking about whores& one night stands.
Yep. Back in December. Enjoying my 9 month "Summer" before I die during law school in the fall
Another day over, time to go home and relax.
plug n play
I shot some images of the Cure by Design event. Not done publishing them all. See them at www.facebook.com/brandonphotos
I dont wanna live with regret.
sorry we won't be adding any restaurants today :)
If you don't like watching the show on our website, yes, we know our player is not mobile friendly… you can download the podcast from iTunes
I just caught about 20 bass in 3 hrs with
What if i come to your house and do it?
very cool, thanks for dining with us this evening you all rock the house
4th Tuesdays I live for the rare moment I can #NTT and can't. Tonight it was being able to Name That Tune. #point :)
So good home at watch your tool show
Don't threaten her freedom!!!
is going to teach me how to SALSA dance!!! Haha
Robin has the right game plan, do what you gotta do & win money
Stephanie made me mad :'( she bailed out on staying after with me for GYM, I'm not talking to her tommarow :'(
is that right after they said to turn off all electronics? Lol :-)
get out from my mind please ! hate you so damn much !
#ETFs are my fav because, unlike #mutualfunds, they are not often traded. Great way to diversify your porfolio.
Is it gettin' real in the parking lot?
So...what's your favorite metal band?
You're invited to “Cracking the Code: Business Technology”, a half-day seminar hosted by & Comcast Business Class on Thurs, Aug. 18
I STEP INTO THE CLUB THE HATERS TURN AROUND MY MIDDLE FINGERS UP MAN IM JUST GETTIN DOWN- <3
Yes! I'm so happy!! Hope you are great, Desmon!
That's awesome!! Which show are you attending?
#RizzleIzDaBestedt #RizzleKicks playing in the US. But, only on my headphones.
Hard to believe both were "cool". I just saw a comedian say it was because both those were _white ppl drugs :) so ok
HPA student to be honored for academic, artistic success
Thank you! You can always count on us! Have a wonderful day!
#drake is my love
I want a beat Prod. so bad!
“Nothing recedes like success.”~Walter Winchell
Finally we have a winter wonderland in #nyc!
dude, that be so convenient. I wish, but for right now I'm just chilling at my house in my bed.
#WhenIGetMarried my husband will come home to a clean house, home cooked meal and a nice massage
I may just cry if doesn't have a pool this summer :'( </3
thanks for including us!
(channeling Jules Bass) You just put one-tweet-in-front-of-the-other !! La la la...glad you're here :)
Thanks for the retweet! :-)
Circle us on Google Plus or get spanked!
ANNOUNCING MWSA 2011 WINNER-Non-fiction Spiritual/Religeous-I Want to be the Fat Pretty One by Lori Kathleen Cline-Silver
Happy Easter everyone!
How's everyone? :)
We are takers its what we do, we take
It's a shame when you see someone you love lose their ambition :/
Bored as f.ck in southwest
Woo! RT : Its my friday! Can't wait for and to say I DO.
omg did u hear what miss Moore said to me?
A WEAK BITCH IZ UH TURN OFF!!!
The Eastsider TONIGHT for some Stumble Sign ups. Come have a beer!
Hey Coach. I miss you too, and I can ALWAYS use a strong-minded + strong bodied person like you, so...come'on! :)
We're exactly half way through tour, and looking forward to our show tonight in Charlotte!
I miss art school, too...
Def.. Have someone in mind... Might be a long process tho.. think im ready for the ride....
Adams: The VA doesn't need to get me any address information. Was lucky to get ZIP code data
Trayvon's murder has opened America's toxic boils. Thanks to you and Don for your courage.
Great workout today 💪 but missed !
Girls night out hitting up palm beach
Turned 21 without even a hangover to show for it :)
having TRUE friends is rare these days.
wearing a loud paisley print button-up with summer board shorts and lily green loafers.
hey let me know when you can come over Saturday!!
This week as been interesting if anything
Richie Farmer stole millions from taxpayers. Asked to comment, Barack Obama said: "I don't know him, but I like him already"
Fair enough, lol! To be honest, 3rd was what everyone was fighting for (Ars, Che, Tott, Liv) at the start of the season :-)
Going to see at Hemingways tonight!! Love me a little Gerry Porter..
somee asians are cute ass fuuhhhhhhhc. aha
Building a business is simply doing all of the right little things correctly that add up to big results...
really? Tell me more. cc
S/O and Happy Charter Day to at Sam Houston State University! The light of Alpha is shining brightly in you! 06!
yes Even Boren out
The race is not for the swift but for those who can endure.can Mitt endure.I think not.who is this guy?
it'd be amazing if you favorited this..
NO YOU TOLD MY STATE TO SINK, IF IT SINKS I DIE
Looks like it's going to hit the fan!
never underestimate my socks.
In Heritage waitin on a cut
You cannot be serious. :)
It's #GAFriday. Yeah!!!
Let me stop being honest all the time
That dance on the ferry was awesome!!!! Soo much fun! <3
After midnight, make off like a bandit with 50% off grab and go from the day! Come raid our pantry!
Bob Balfanz on chronic absence: This is like bacteria in a hospital – it creates havoc, and until we recognize it, we can’t act against it.
I kick myself for not taking a picture of this today but I saw Green Lantern, Robin and Supergirl cosplay at Free Comic Book day.
yeah huge idiot regardless
true...the director/writer could have gone brighter thou and had same affect and better financial result for film.
Georgetown, Louisville, Marquette all beg to differ.
I think fell asleep on me :( but it's okay! He had a long day! He was up early haha :)
Just received official notice from #FluxDesign FIRM remodel date will be MONDAY APRIL 23RD! One day install. Reopen...
Nice tittes. It's sad that a mans boobs are bigger than mine. Sad face :(
WE R GOING
What happen to Damon Wayne
You have to have your heart in the business and the business in your heart. - An Wang
I hate school but once i'm there I don't want to leave
are you guys already at home in bed with headaches? Cause we are!
My mom, dad, cousin, and grandpa are playing Wii fitness, my brother is at the gym, my grandmas on the treadmill, Im there sitting.. eating.
Tonight's movie: To Wong Foo, Thanks For Everything! - Julie Newmar, featuring Patrick Swayze, Wesley Snipes & John Leguizamo
Oh, that's cool How To Train Your Dragon don't bring your live show to St. Louis. I mean, no one wanted to see it or anything..
Life is about the journey
your welcome beautiful.. goodmorning to you also.
Chicago! Yes!!
@ burger king and sum RANDOM white girl juss waved @ me, bxtch ion no u ! tf
Enjoy the big bang, and july 3rd fireworks from roots decks. new cocktail menu debuts next week.
There should be a eating contest where you have to eat ONE and only ONE Oreo with the bag left in front of you. No one would win. Ever.
Of course that will change when O finally has one opponent and the campaign really begins.
Body found off Eklutna Lake Road that of unidentified man, police say.
All of us would love to hear "Feelin Fine" by J. Crist on Shout out to for this one
Sweet potatoes: They are like vegetable candy.
please follow she is you biggest fan!88
RT "Once upon a time...there was a girl...who was a late bloomer. Her time is....now. #GO"
My cleaning lady refuses to give me a mani/pedi. It's clearly in her contract under "other duties as assigned"
lmao they lame af for going through her phone. They going through her phone like she one of they men or something.
are the Arctic temperatures in the library supposed to stimulate learning? #frozen someone bring me a parka!
I just realized, my life is boring AS FUCK! !!!
We are volunteering all day with Cinderella Project MKE as "Fairy Godmothers" to help underprivileged girls look their best for prom!
Thanks so much for the generous post! Alex & Seth
go back and investigate!!! I would I I was there :p
SO CALL ME MAYBE
now I am! For Franco the Great!
I'm so excited to write this paper, I'm shivering. Oh wait, that might be the red bull.
more that every blogger is reading skeevy guys and throwing up landing pageso sell some damn ebook - - a $400 value for only $99!
Good morning! Hope everyone had a great weekend! Get the week started off right with an intense workout. Do Work!
Tip to the Kingdom: Your favorite Happy Hour may not be honored today since it is a "holiday." Call ahead to be sure!
Romney wins Nevada: "It's Mormon in America!"
Whoever said, "It's not whether you win or lose that counts," probably lost. -Martina Navratilova
Mark my words: oct 7 will be mainly GREEN and GOLD in Lucas Oil!!!
Another Monday, God help me.
Pre-Calculus final tomorrow..gutted!
Using a CDplayer for portable music<
beats are so fucking dope. Everyone should feel this shit!
Damn right you're sexy!
Goodbye, neck beard.
Feed back!!! Damn spell check
thanks for the great show. Can't wait for the MidWinter beer fest on Feb 19th
Beat port, give me a reason to spend my tax refund!
RT Look, jail's not so bad, Lindsay. You can even take classes there now. I'd start with "Acting."
I hate tests 😒
Thanks for the follow!
I ain't talked to my twitter besties in a long time u kno who u r tweet me when u see this
The talent for being happy is appreciating and liking what you have, instead of what you don't have. - Woody Allen
We are in a charlie sheen economy - general session
I can't believe they didn't self-combust while connecting that. That's insane. But yeah...not surprising. Did you call BGE?
I'm guessing it's part of the orientation weekend.
I don't watch hockey. Does that mean I have to marry an American?
‎"Night is a good time to remember all the sweet thing & all sweet persons in your life so sleep well with your sweet memories."
Sounds Awesome and so relaxing! What a beautiful day for a cruise around the bay!
Thanks Mike!
Get hyped, cause 6 o'clock not only means it's supper time, it's also time for #NBC15 News at 6.
LMFAOOOOOO HE SAW IT
Psyched about class at #remaxR4 this morning!
It's hot out, I hope people act like they got some sense...
What's the score
haha im guessing that means u like it lol
Gasol eating Blake Griffin.
The developer is really working hard on the Ebuxing.com site. It is really exciting to see my ideas coming to a reality. It's looking good.
Any other SA bloggers going to Niosa this week?
Yikes! By the way, I need to call you. I think I still have your number but DM me just in case ;-)
Totally agree, but my concern is for the people not yet using the internet getting left (more) behind by
. Will you stand with and vote to pass the American Jobs Act?
I was passing the blunt. Then I thought 2 myself (out loud)... what's Jesus grandma name?
bye bye
The Cleveland Cavaliers are hosting the Chicago Bulls tomorrow at the Quicken Loans Arena. Buy your tickets today by calling 888-493-0004
hardy beat angle with a Swanton from the top of the cage. Gail beat Velvet. Crimson beat morgan. coming up Storm vs. Roode.
all i want is you, thats why i get so frustrated cuz ur not mine, and i want you more than anything.
Laker's got owned!!
Okay! Let's get to work, people! (rolls chair over to coffee pot...)
I think my crowning achievement was once getting into the top ten on the Tetris machine at Funspot.
Lafayette Square Mall = Flea Market ...dont forget that people
me too
lol no! I've had a really bad headache for 3 days straight! :(
Reactions to '09 Pelter Trio: earthy in a Pinot Noir way, smooth, cassis, nice acid, Mediterranean Bordeaux
Today's BTU inspiration: "The personal life deeply lived always expands into truths beyond itself." ~Anais Nin
twitter time with with
": S CLUB 7 will reunite for a series of gigs and are in talks to sign a two-album deal."
come to the back! I have candy!
My 21st bday is dec 3 it would be awesome for u to give me a shoutout i would flip..
Learned from and You cannot afford to mind your business If you are to lead.
meh. off to interview...
if you're asking if the peace plan has failed, you failed.
"If one believes in a different past, on has to believe in a different future." ~Gordon Wood (2008) #Tweetsfromthe(Recent)Past
We took the game for a test run, and it's actually really fun to play! He came up with the ideas -- I just made them look pretty.
no i tried with greenpois0n
Nice nice nice!
Hahahaha, I also looked you up and the mutual friends we have are some good friends of mine. some are at my school.
Our Hero got kicked out of the grocery store for having too much heart (and throwing things into baskets from 20 feet away).
Worshiping the Vanwarmer today my friends
I didn't think I needed to be there. told me he is skipping out. Bullshit.
No problem! #Salute RT : Thanks for the shout out!
Can you guys continue helping tweet #ArianaDidAmazing ! Tell everyone
Ok, deal. I guess I'm lucky--I was miserable at 25, so far 45 is much better.
Lol man they better quit playin wit me RT : has some serious road rage right now...y'all pray for us please!!!
Hope you're well sir! =)
Game of Thrones is back yes!!!!!!
I would put Ray Rice, Lesean McCoy and Peterson above Forte. But he's definitely a top 5 runner.
Also received my copy of #Anna, an award winning short I was Scripty on last summer, earlier today.
Best of luck to all those starting finals this week!
i wonder if Mike wants to slit his wrists. Welcome to the 'Skew on Sunday Coach Evans
Thank you! I had a great deal of fun talking with Dr. Sampson.
wishing of #HollistonTV a very Happy Birthday!
Today should be a easy day, not gone do shit in most of my classes .
11am Westchester Square Fair May 12, 2012 see FarFetched perform LIVE at the 4th Annual Fair at The Square Concert Series...
haha I used to have to put up inflatables when I worked at the #colts...and had to wear the mascot costume for an event!
": Why's it so cold in here?"
Catching up on South Park while I fill my copper circle supply orders for Etsy! <3 my job! :)
watching WSS, waiting for Bernardo to break into a chorus of 'Mandy' ::chuckle:: and prepping for OR tomorrow, yes OR!
Don't take yourself too seriously.
believe me, so am i!!
MT : Listening to one of the great lecturers, Prof. Baughman talking about history of PR #madasawethen #UWRightNow <- love it!
Don't ever take me for granted.
Terelnisha's still around!?
Finally at the party. I should be able to have a drink within the hour!
who's weird?
Thanks Google Apps Mail for the new format for contacts!
:-) Happi today is monday hope my week go well.
So anyway. That's enough.
San Diego prep star, controversial star Ricky Williams retiring from NFL.
our pick #FOGC is up 50% on 243m vol
Not gonna let this dumb drama get to me and ruin my Spring Break! Just gonna ignore it from now on :)
we'd be honored to have you and your talent here in the
Thx : Ctr for Urban Future found 20% of Pratt/Parsons/SVA grads started new businesses, far more than NYC’s top science orgs.
Step up dt
Happy Easter to everyone whether that's your thing or not. Just be nice for once today. How's that?
I ain't fuckin wit club boomerang no more pimp smh
I'm thinking bots and stuff...I don't know
psyched for you!
THANK YOU for your continued support of and the crucial efforts to stop the evil acts of Joseph Kony.
Many things! I am a strong believer of Reuse, Recycle, & Reduce. If I can make something new from something old I do.
#TAM see you in 90 minutes! :-D
I'll b there. Also going to Lean Startup organizers event next morning. Ping me if u get in, or let's meet 4 a drink.
Was Julian Edelman just playing defense?????
Aww there's no need hun ♥ Thanks!
well bye
check out analog bar in downtown san Diego Nov 28 for their industry appreciation night! We'll be performing at 9:30
Girls start being slutty at such a young age now days.
Thank you! You're so kind! ^NE
Some students were upset that Romney, not an evangelical, was invited to give Liberty commencement. 1st they get to hear minister Luis Palau
Field trip to the office my company is moving to. Oh boy. It's pretty.
Country Music, Texas, and Mexican food make this girl
Edible book festival = Nerdy fun!
DISASTER AVERTED!! 😳 😝
We're excited to come to Kent State too! Thanks for being a fan!
#umami paste just arrived. Anyone out there have cooking suggestions? Can I use in #chili?
was I invited to VC?
Drinks then movies after work!
True. My thoughts also. But that app is no big deal.
#IHMITA fact The Legends Ball is an after-five dinner event honoring leaders in ministry &the music community.
thank you for the piece. I had similar responses to the hack and the marketeer, but not as well-developed as you.
Youre great at everything!
iMedia Brand Summit - Las Vegas in T-minus!
Still pondering a summer short story series... like July to August duration... once a week, episodic.
China's April exports rise 4.9% as imports edge up 0.3%, far below forecast.
late to the party by 5 mins but devils((((
RT : So long Bay area! One way ticket to KC! Can't wait to get to work with my new team on Mon!
Swiss Family Robinson sold out.
it's a lovely scent (in a william shatner voice)
There's not enough vicodin in the world for me to watch the Daytona 500.
it's been worthy of jealousness down here man. One more round today!
Hungover days have become more tolerable with
#awkwardmoment when you're best friend becomes a total stranger
Excited for tomorrow. 2 #auditions 1 #fitting & a drop off among other exciting to-do's. YES!
I'm not looking forward to tomorrow at all. I just want to sleep in.
omfg. Me too. He's freaking amazing<3
Standing room only at The Future is Now session. Understandably. Good stuff!
wasn't goodnight moon a quote from a kids book....its bringing back memories... lol
Food by Chef Jake Brenchley and 1/2 price martinis, all evening at the Scholars Inn. Enough said. Plz rt
for a second I thought that said do Mo Mo, it worried me.
Adios to our awesome coordinator. PDX/PSU/5th Ave will miss you! In 2 weeks come see her final film pick--'Ichi the Killer.'
Whats with all these exams?!
"We will go undefeated, point blank period" "The Final Four will be a piece of cake" That's 0 for two thus far Behanan.
lol go ahead
XOXO to you also :)
Happy Friday! So excited for test dinner tonight w
Let's #FreeTheApps!!!!
SUMMER SALE – DVD on HOW TO START AND OPERATE YOUR OWN HOME-BASED BUSINESS NOW ONLY $20.00 ++ www.thehome-office.com
congrats to fina graduate from audio engineering school
Ketchup, not that special. OH WAIT, there's Jack. It's fucking special now player.
2 hours left.
impossible. A pipe dream. We all pay.
the director of my department called me a gem. it's nice to feel appreciated. <3
You'll give up nothing to live your personal values at work. The same can't be said about choosing not to.
I don't know what the acceptable number of Nerf guns in a 23 year old females bedroom is, but I'm pretty sure I exceed it
Find us on #Foursquare and unlock our special :) #Paradise Valley Mall
it must be so amazing and fun to tour with definitely a goal of mine haha (:
Looking at my bank account online on Payday >>>>
My mom is so rude sometimes
And Kinko and Saka are my cuddly beauty cats.
lol im planning my trip out there da beginning of nxt month. gotta link up nd show long beach how we function in killeen lmao
well said...
Designer of Ann Romney's $1K Shirt Says It's Off The Rack - ABC News (blog)
God is NOT finished with you yet.....
Is it wrong to say that Television should be entertainment that should be used occasionally.
Eagerly anticipating Fridays game of baseball. Hope your ready
.......Don't fuck with me when it comes to this subject.
Life is far too short to live it by other people's standards. Do you; the rest is secondary.
Pray for me people. Thank you in advance.
yes! If you're in the area, come!
Sounds good
#Happy Halloween! Time to turn into Fidel Sarcastra and get off to this party.
RT : MALIBU'S MOST WANTED!! RT : Bloodbath don't cut him we won't get our money!!!
What she said! RT Student Night Thursday for vs. Iowa. Students get free admission, free pizza, and a t-shirt!
do u ever wana go back to real school? cus i went today and it was boring...ha
Strange that wants to oust a guy who wants an independent review of its finances. Someone doth protest too much.
Ok, Hal! RT : #UsGuys I am that guy......If You were paying attention, THIS, is a "non-issue". Friends, Shall we play a...
just followed him =]
Who's excited about Taste & Toast Thursdays ?
unbelievable. You really buried the women's victory. Good thing I don't pay to watch your "news" service. Seriously??
waahhoooo come to Iowa to see your big sis :) and i guess you could go to college here too im okay with that.
It has been raining for almost 2 weeks here on Long Island New York. Can one plant vegetable seeds in soggy soil?
I may over the Summer. I'll keep you posted, for sure!
#TANF is a program that helps women and children make the jump from unsafe relationship to a safe place.
"Ursula & Gudrun Brangwen sat one morning and a police officer was forced to release pepper spray to maintain safety."
hey i am the hugest fan of you on ant farm, no lie. it would mean the world to me if you followed me back, no lie. =)
Thanks for the shoutouts - Hope you had a rockin’ 4th of July weekend
there is a tag on your shirt.
Ricky Williams back with the Dolphins, and Pac Man Jones is heading Canada eh, hope he likes Molson, I do!!
Now you hear what I hear...=)
crazy night on Natchez riverboat. fraternity delta on board. a parade of sweethearts. dukes were swingin
This year we are only allowing members running for e-board next year to go and I'm graduating! I'm jealous that ur going tho!
you're a beautiful lady!
English without nick is like life without a penis
That's great, Heather!
Stellar! May 17 will be great fun. Though I'm ever so slightly wary of it being called The Adult Programs. Should I pack a thong?
Fuck you blue, i love you <3
Birthday present shopping today for my mama.
ask what o.O ?
Happy birthday !!
Off the Charlotte for the weekend...
College students and alcohol really don't mix...especially in Lexington. What a stain on their teams victory.
Hahahaha I think we counted 87 that one trip to PA
#NP - I Love You by the Eli Young Band <3
You gave me a feeling i don't ever wanna forget.
been a ginger my whole life. Red is fire in bed.
Thanks for the follow Ginger!:)
Summer #Billboards in #SanDiego are almost #SoldOut If you want one speak now or forever hold your peace :-)
turn it up.
Girl you are crazy c: I hate those pictures of me & my brother btw -_- lol.
Will U follow?????
Oh... Tonight shall be entertaining 😜
*Caldwell RT : So if Caldwall doesn't open the door I'm going to second lunch!
miss you two more <3
oh haha my bad I swear this girl that looks exactly like you and trains bjj now at cobra Kai when I rolled there for a little and
I'll never have my phone out in class ever again..
Always protect your heart.
"Can Owen Wilson survive The Coup?" Whoa - Why is Boots Riley upset with Owen Wilson?
Absolutely! As far as Tuesday's Timbers - Dynamo match, I'm game if you are.
we're rather pleased with ourselves ;)
Let's go WI badgers vs. Syracuse. We want to go to the elite 8!!!
I think this is george zimmmermens cell number call and give him a peace of ya mind...u didnt get it.from me :-) lol
“: What a night this has been....” That's a understatement.
Charles F. Kettering: Our imagination is the only limit to what we can hope to have in the future.
if i like you, i'll stalk you
Watching Lady and the Tramp, I really don't get why cats are always portrayed as bad. They're snuggly and fluffy.
HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY...to all the single gals, married gals, lesbian gals, and so on.
Yay lifelong learning. RT : Don't be afraid to learn. Knowledge is weightless, a treasure you can always carry easily.
#Sag must discuss their thoughts. They find the opinion of others important, but they have problems heeding others advise. !!!
Please don't talk about "defenseless" players in hockey. I get enough of that BS during the NFL's season.
Early Penguins lead! You all know what that means folks!
Holler! Gotta hit up #Chaps in the morning! Have you gone to #raw yet?
The difference between try and triumph is just a little umph!
: at dave you stop it with the press answer and answer the real question. its not about what I lead, its about what's real
Do you still have that candid pic you took of me on your phone....... Hahah
sorry didn't get chance to say more than ' hi ' tonight. I was conversing with someone who didn't speak English ! speak 2morrow
Hopefully, we'll get to you soon! SmartPost is taking an additional 1-2 days due to heavy holiday volume. Happy Holidays!
All the weight goes to my boobs! Having a big boob week.
I love animals. Check out an excerpt about Paige's new kittens here and LIKE this author page.
HSDKJHFKSDFHKSDFH HJKSDHFKJS YOU BETTER TELL ME EVERYTHING. YOU GUYS ARE SO CUTE. I LOVE YOU. YAYYYY <333
one of my eyes is puffy and my grammy is in town and I'm supposed to take her around town haha thank god for sunglasses ...
We should Bangarang on the Weekends.
<---- Follow Him !! Sweetest dude youll ever meet ( :
um thanks for bringing me some haha :))) #CoupleOfTheYear>>>>
Finally able to keep food and liquid down.
Huh look at that. Twitter looks weird.
She getting a new car?
You at are like best friends lmfao
#itsTimeForYouToRealize that you can make a difference
So excited about finally writing THE END to my first draft of The Flawed Dance. Love the ending, too. Totally inspired. Just had to share.
quite a drive indeed...I was thinking about driving an RV or something
Loves an her Appalachia inflected indie blues. <3
uh uh, never have I taken a "nap". Always a cat nap :) hahah
#YouKnowYoBitchBig when she go to a birthday party and the kids mistake her for a Jumper
You don't do nothing like that
ah are you having a crisis? Poor baby
I no every1 does! I tried everything! I tried for meet and greet at z100, for izod,beacon,& MSG but had noo luck!:(
Can you follow me back please!!!!!!!
#greatadvise NEVEr fly again ..they r a joke airline that loses bags and delays flights ..consistently bad
Yeah...she was like that person that would stay up until 4:30 and sleep until 3...and I am the exact opposite.
never claimed to know you. But class it up dude.
yes they do
You talk about dignity , honey you got none .
OOH AAH WHO'D YOU MEET?!:D
Passer-By Pushes Man Contemplating Suicide Off Bridge in China.Passerby shakes his hand then pushes him off. Mad because traffic backed up
I'm wearing a white robe.
Blunt ... Breakfast
Interesting convo 2day re: severity of child's disability in relation to parent's level of optimism.
Wow...Facebook is so boring
It's funny how sometimes you do the most glamourous thing - like finishing and album and having a glamourous photo shoot...
and terrifying!
yup lol RT : Men tend to over report the number of sexual partners they've had.
bring me some!!
I want a ticket oak
You lost yo phone
ROTFLMAO": / Put mice outside in their place. Elephants are scared shitless of mice. ; )"
Words are powerful.. "Say what you need to say" - Mayer
": good show last night!" Many thanks hun
#ThingsThatFrustrateMe iPhone users outraged that instagram is now on android n act like spoiled brats who don't want to share their toys!
Man i been To nice To dese hoes
Leaders know that mistakes are how we learn, grow and improve. They are the catalyst for doing things differently
I thought that was what you were referring to! :)
Does anyone have any suggestions for new combinations of fragrances that are just knocking your socks off?
Same gangstas same ol scene
haha the Kevin Smith one cracked me up!
Each chapter in 's *How to Do Things with Videogames* really is a (well-written) essay.
Think I twisted my ankle...
Be a good listener. Your ears will never get you in trouble.
aww, I love her to pieces!! What a compliment!!
"Sometimes, the most important words are also the ones left unsaid"
No monorail mess today for FDP convention.
Not feeling well. Ugh. :(
Conn. Senate passes Election Day registration
Train from ghent to brugge running 30 min late. Glorious sun
Pretty sober for once.
The Olympic flame has arrived in the UK and David Beckham lit it! Sweet :)
If your website looks exactly like your comps, you ignored what you discovered during the build.
Sharon Van Etten at The Neptune 8/7 (on sale today at noon) according to !
With the score this close I doubt the Red Sox retaliate..They might wait till the next meeting at Fenway..
All right. A little gig at Suzy's in Hermosa Beach tonight, 9pm. Loose informal jam with material to be determined...better than staying in.
wut other options do da fins have to bounce?
hey guys! Check out our new photoshoot on our facebook page!
who playing?
Rally sign: "Let us all develop an accurate interpretation of US history before we start quoting dead people"
I'm going to wait to submit the prop until tomorrow afternoon--going to check w/ the boss first, just to be sure
Nothing better than fucking Dave
agreed, however fans free agency is becoming as real as player free agency.
Just saw this! Here u go & good luck! :o) 7:30a cloudy (possible fog/mist), 56 degrees, light wind 5 mph.
yeah, album is almost done. wanted to get ppl familir w/ the name...guess an warning woulda been nice huh? smh lol srry bro.
Popping bottles for #mythicalmattcain tomorrow!
Come celebrate ALA's 135th Aniiversary with cake in the ALA Membership Pavilion Booth
Slow ass day in the clinic
Yeah Where you at
Ooh, I like that idea! It can be a multi-holiday celebration. :)
im doing ok. graduated a year ago but struggled to find a job, so gonna go back to school soon. Congrats on the new job :)
i m new to twitter like u:) m luking 4 ways 2 implement it like u:)
Who likes my avi haha? I make logos, web pages, and all that so if anyone needs something like that @ me, DM me or email(In my bio)
Another anti-gay Republican Phillip Hinkle (R-IN) was caught hiring a boy via Craigslist again proving the old adage, "you are what you eat"
Good morning lovelys off to school.
#middlefingerup to society for having healthy foods 3 times more expensive than fat foods
Had best gift-giving experience ever today seeing look of surprise on face of when he unwrapped his #iPad. Made my day.
best. gift. ever.
Well done is better than well said!
REPCO HAS BULK BAGS & GAYLORD BOXES FOR SALE & PROMPT DELIVERY. WE ALSO DEAL IN EQUIPMENT (BALERS/GRINDERS) & WE BUY ALL SCRAP PLASTICS!
Had an awesome time tonight opening up for Kix Brooks!!
This sounds naive but our school's lifeskills program really helped put real-life fears in context. I took cues from them.
Howgood rates products on their quality based on complex data. Have u seen it in grocery stores?
thats awesome.. & gets my vote for fact of the day
I chuckled RT : just do some preacher curls (ba dum tshh) RT : Church or gym tonight
For the record: rubbing alcohol took the ink off of the dryer drum pretty handily.
UX Designers and Architects needed in Houston. Email me for more info
There's a major voyeuristic / stalker / obsession culture on Tumblr. Unhealthy. Reminds me of some MySpace era subcultures.
Duh. See you there.
no dylan i miss you, i havent seen you in like 474%373838 years
Tuesday is a forgotten day, everyone talks about Mon., Wed. & Fri..we can make Tuesdays standout in a good way by accomplishing goals 2day!
You can't be serious.
Bengay is definitely nutty!!!
FINALLY A GOOD EPISODE
I Love that #WeHadAGayMoment :D
<3 I LOVE YOU!
The massive announcement is coming. Just a few more hours.
If You See This Retweet
Yes. Rain! Rain! Rain so I don't have to water the vegetables tomorrow!
Alright, time to hit the road, heading to Duluth for a few big estimates.
you probably made the right decision. Number of times I've enjoyed writing more than drinking: none.
Jessica Sanchez?!?! LOVE her!
Audition #4 with David Wallimon with and !
I usually don't like Applebee's but it was fire today
hey Paul!! How's it going! I miss hearing your voice! Are you gonna make a album soon?
Rain check on Kevin Allen. Maybe later or tomorrow.
I'm in love with this weather! Nice and cool. Breezy
#randomfact shared genes was the first band on the
I eat kisses and drink pepsi for breakfast
video or it didn't happen
I can text with my phone now, thanks to Tucker! Woo!
Ur personal #coachella Forecast: Fri: Very windy w/showers, 71. Sat: Mostly sunny breezy & mild, 69. Sun: Sunny, 79! RT? :o)
a supposed 2 hour drive took 6 hours. thats just innapropriate...& adventurous!
you in quintin's suite?
LOL I know right?!?
Awesome man, we should collaborate on some ideas this week.
Aww no worries! I am bringing sweater shirts galore! ;) Hopefully we'll see some sunny days!
Love that show!
call me when you get a free moment
That text made my night! Good Weed Good Dreams instead of goodnight sweet dreams lol #HAPPY420 I love ya and see ya tomorrow!
This is the start of a beautiful friendship! :D
Thank you for following. I enjoyed perusing your website and learning about your org. Please read direct message I sent.
Unless you change how you are you will always have what you got. JimRohn
Most of the time we don't get what we want
Today has really been a great day...really love spending time with those who love me
It was a gift from his Nana.
I'm not home all weekend :( waeh!
I'm pretty sure Lebron James just opened up the 2nd half with trademarked move...
ehh it's alright. I'm gonna stalk them all day. Lol
Nevada hasn't forgotten how bad Recession is and we will be important swing state.
#bradpitt is a boob. I think it was in very poor taste for him to tell all that his marriage to Jennifer was boring.
Nah, he took off the other way lol
That's great! One of these days, there will be a fairy-tale post, and you won't even realize it.
Girls want a lot of things from one guy. Conversely, guys want one thing from a lot of girls. via
fantastic! Yes off to LA in May. Not long to go now!
Unsurprisingy, the only overt shit I noticed was every Jewish male stereotype ever. But one of the writers is a storied racist.
Happy Labor Day! Did you ever have to labor through a book in school or read one that you loved? Chat about it! #CMLbookchat 9/6/11 7PMEST.
Canadian Government Urges Removal of Triclosan from Personal Care Products
I'm stalking you
I've got 2 Webb's down, 35 to go - now to get more followers!
i like candy.
DAMAGED GOODS is in the can.
I heard rivers is going pro. He is going to get ate up. Can only go to his right and can't play d.
i love to please everyone, or at least try.......
Tired of paying bills,ready go live n a shelter..
Modify the GTS, grab 'em by the head from behind and pull them down on your planted knee. You can call it ICT: It's Concussion Time.
saw your lovely book at Big John's PFI last week. Scooped up copy! Congratulations (again), Beauty!
people dont understand that. keep grinding. #salute. follow back
It's good to have holiday traditions. :) You have a great holiday! :)
needs a big ol' hug!
Works for cookies too.
Stressed out, tired...Lighten up the day with some hookah tonight with some friends.
© laws outside the U.S.: J.R.R. Tolkien is co-author of movies LOTR, T and ROTK. WGAW collects his royalties but can’t locate his estate.
Floyd unfortunately, hoping Cotto can Buster him tho
you already know lol. One I thing I actually agree with skip is Kobe is jacking up way to many shots, Bynum needs more shots
Playing in downtown LA tonight at 10! Sweet spot, new tunes, no cover!
Come see us at Urban Grind tomorrow!!
yeah I'm looking pretty pathetic right now. So sad!!
No, of course not. His contract is DP-esque, and the Flyers are going to pay for it.
That's a good idea! Not currently on our product roadmap, but we're open to exploring.
Fresh Our donuts, cookies, brownies & muffins are so delicious, you'll wonder what we put in them.The answer is simple - love/sugar.
Whatevs! I'll always have a soft spot in my heart for Eric hinske... Meltdownskee
If you reading this tweet god has gave you and me another chance at life have a blessed and productive day! GOOD MORNING!!
RT : Ron Artest would have "incidentally" kicked Collison in the face
absolutely. The US government will be at your door any minute to seize those tapes.
Young professionals (#YoPros) that are interested in getting involved, making a change, and having fun... needs you!
Bout to go down the melo center and get some shooting in.......Hit me up
Ron Paul just went off the deep end. Fences to keep us in... who does he think he is...Obama?
How long have we known each other?
Picture this: 3 producers, 2 RVs, 2 gas stations, 23+ phone calls, a pack of m&ms and 3 hrs later... Shit's getting done!
Who is your favorite musician to listen to in the winter?
One day, when I'm cool, I'll have hair like Seriously! Where do I have to go??
u are lucky didn't crack your skull punk!!!
in this global community why not have a global web site......peewaddy.com
Fans must be golfing today RT : Fenway looks real empty today. Especially for a Beckett start. It must be their off-day.
what would you use FTP for? You just push to production using SVN or GIT
love how ya body feels..why must we do this..
thanks Matt. All the best
Gotta give #Bengals credit 4 1 thing...20 yrs of consistent football. Won't be fan again until the Browns sell the team.
haha I cant help it 😁 I miss ur face already! #bffstatus 👯
Well now that was definitely worth staying awake for.
Sorry. Other fans do, that's we call them whiners. Thought you were defending them. My mistake.
On her first time registering voters met her goal at four!
Going 2 bed! I'm tired. Later Tweeps!!!
The most recent issue of #ISTE L&L has an article about transmedia. Just an FYI... I also have an article in there as well. ;)
#3day Completed 8 miles and talked to another walker, 9th in 10 years.
#ManRules put the gun down & use your fists
Remember the complements you receive, forget the insults.
Received my first 20 mosquito bites tonight. It's officially summer.
Need to relieve stress?? Take a relaxing dip in the heated pool; soak away stress in the spa or sauna. Call 858.279.7410 for our special
thnx for tips! We realized we'd been hacked and were updating account as you messaged us. Can't send DM, but can tweet.
thank you shelby
The end is action, not knowledge. - Aristotle.
If you want to cry go watch The Road
My sister Casey loves so much<3
Security guard said happy mothers day to me. Which is sweet. But how did he know I was a mother?
get it together, Martinez.
I know has been working on something. Don't have specific dates yet. You'll be the first to know when we do :)
Got this new Evo HTC 4g from sprint ...and I got my daughter one too....this phone is Ok UNBELIEVABLE!!!
Sorry, unfortunately Crispin did not make this cut.
account hacked today - i changed my password, hopefully to stop this! sorry
Just got home from school now getting food!! :)
And amusement parks are for grownups too!
Thanks for the #FF but and I were connected as one user...haha.
Can my taco come in a Dorito shell?
“: I love yo damn dress” thanks boo !
Staring at the clock waiting for the #ChefShowdown to begin! So many great restaurants and for such an amazing cause....
good luck with everything man!
Yes he was. RT : mikel jackson was a great artest. with many great hits
Excited to be back at for the Publishing in the 21st Century Panel!
watching "Strange Culture" biotech artist mistaken for bioterrorist after wife's death caused by heart attack.
awesome thanks
Robert Morse of US News & World Report to speak at 2010 CHEA Annual Conf. and Intl. Seminar. See the Preliminary Program at www.chea.org.
Its gone so lets keep moving on
Come talk funny with us! Diederich Ideas has Raven's dad talking comedy in a Friday show taping. Pick up tix in JH 105 by 4/26.
Derron Williams show shadow of former Jazz self winning round 2 v. J. Lin and setting stage for best NYPG battle.
Revolutionary Cleaning can power wash siding, patios, roofs and other hardscape areas of any commercial or residential property
spammers posted your first tweet?
Thankfully Michael Taylor is being sent down in favor of Collin Cowgill.
Officially addicted to
It's amazing the number of things I'm interested in buying simply because they put an orangutan in the advert. "Well, he likes that, I might
To succeed in business it is necessary to make others see things as you see them
RT : who do I get in touch with at Rackspace about compensation for reduced productivity? :)
Thank you and best of luck to you!
"My dog is my valentine." -shit HPU girls say
Happy Birthday !
cause I don't live there.
bring it
lol, Mississippi is very boring.
I love how every ICONiac in Colorado are trying to figure out when the ICONic Boyz are arriving n im here in Hawaii n cant meet Madison :'(
This class flew by..
Great, thanks for the tip.
has it passed the senate yet? And va gov is limited to one term, so he's out regardless
great call by Terrell. Those who believe Braun got off on a technicality don't understand how to win an appeal.
So cool to see Matt Kuchar win The Players. Was a superb interview and friendly presence at recent
I want a guy who's ONLY Motivaton one night is to slow dance with me and talk all night long.
BIG ANNOUNCEMENT tomorrow at #7LV.. Make sure your at church! Meet me at 6pm for leaders meeting to be the first to know!
We Expect The Tracks Back By Wed. Next Week We Know Yall Gone Bring Some Fire 2 This Mixtape LET'S TAKEOVA! Much Love From AGP
Chipotle sounds so good right now.
thanks so much Cathy! Ray & Joe are awesome ! If ur interested the 'Miseducated' album's available from me direct.
Very sad to learn that is leaving us. He's been an excellent leader, visionary, and source of great things. You will be missed!
Beach sound good today
We Love Miss Gomez
One of the family dogs is really starting to show effects of doggie dementia...the worst is when he wobbly stands and stares off into space.
Yep. Quilted Northern too. RT : Just curious if anyone besides me stopped buying Johnsonville Brats for political reasons?
So excited the weekend is almost here..
wonderful. Is there a Starbucks or location that you would prefer at 2:00pm?
just wanted to give you a heads up that salesmen are completely unhelpful
Went to California 2day for mothers day! I love u mom!
it was an honor having you in Lubbock, TX. Thank you for speaking your heart.
Teaching CS: Marianne Hansen: Blackboard not liked by students for collaborative exhibit curation project
Happy birthday! Have fun!
Cleaning rid of all the spam bot followers by unfollowing every1. Don't unfollow me if you are human, promise to follow you back.
It might not have been like that your whole life lol, but it could have something to do with your duck face photos
I know!! I've never wanted a cop to show up and catch someone more in my life!
MVP is dedicated to perfecting the art of personalized service and accommodating guest at multiple Casino Resort Hotels
Oh snap its fat Tuesday!
nothing much home girl
Love the number of Doctor Who references at the museums conference today.
So proud of you :) You're doing the most amazing things, and you deserve the world <3 xo
INDEPENDENT ARTIST SEND IN YOUR MUSIC TO FOR THE "INDEPENDENT ARTIST SPOTLIGHT"
coming up at 11...new information after a horse in Franklin County is shot while out in a pasture
I shouldn't be working at a restaurant when I sneeze every few minutes.😷
something wrong???
"Make sure these doors are locked at all times, it's black bike week." - Kenny Powers Hahahah, I love Eastbound & Down.
That could definitely be a game changer for both industries. Google and sprint are already joining forces in the voice app.
i miss you more girl ! <3
Sorry DJ...not sure what you are referring to? We have half priced wine night on Monday...but that is all wine, not just WA.
I am on a mission. Vocals daily. La - Laa - La.
Why in the world did I not get mail yesterday...why do we celebrate Columbus day?
you are the most handsomest guy I've ever seen in my whole entire life <21 WEARING YOUR SHIRT NOW
Previously on Lost...
Good night to my #twitter family, , , , , , SLEEP TIGHT and...
you have to RTenter 2 win 2 free meals by RT I heart SPINACH on my salad at
Yes, those pics will be posted in the next day or so. Will tweet it when they're up!
i think you should stay:)!
Can't beat winter weather in LA...
talking to friends! ^-^ wbu?(:
we have new specials come in and see us.
Sell network for between $3 and $10 depending on scale of buy. Individual sites like have inventory as high as $21
A6 pt 1: logo leaked prior to announcement, but having do the story is not a bad idea, but 6:50am is early!
"So I went to the dentist. He said "Say Ah." I said "Why?" He said "My dog's died.'"
What is currently the most sensible car to buy? Considering upgrading from my 2001 Civic, which is still doing fine. Preferably stylish.
Fuck your face like its the last thing on earth ;)
What is your perfect age? New study says it's '33' do you agree?
#Fitness #exercise Excuse of the Day: It's too far. What's your excuse?
As a dozen+/week eggavore, I love the Incredible Egg article Apr issue. Jean-Georges perfect scramble recipe is brunch-altering
This bill is just what we need to be more Greek. Why not instead execute and loot those who borrowed responsibly?
I awoke to a call from one of my real life idols with an 'I love you'-
I am listening to a #classic Rome take. Brawls at Chuck E Cheese!
« oh, sounds fun. And im just laying down being lazy ;p» yeah it is haha (: sweet!. Must be nice.
My ex boyfriend be Trippin on dat other shit.
you're welcome, and thank you! We're planning for a beta launch in late March. Lots of work to do still.
Lando is so cute! How are you? Has Christina had the baby?
yuck! I'm gonna eat worms because ignores my calls
happy mothers day Mama, it applies to u because u r like a mother to so many of your Kids ! And to our kids 1day xoxo
Ready to be king
I just electrocuted myself trying to get drunk with power.
follow me? :) #Believe 7
I think needs to do serious atonement today. Granted…that's everyday, but especially today.
So excited for girls night tonight with and ! My heart needs this. ;)
I know - I can't wait to see it all unfold. I feel fortunate to be at the forefront of the movement!
Oh, yes, we have no bananas...
GRAPE 4 LIFE RT : Vitamin Water is KoolAid for white people.
Have a fun drive. Can't wait for my fix!
I Love Twitter
i will
then it will be there tomorrow at lunch
Fucken warm out side blessed be..
I totally forgot about your trip!!! HOW WAS IT?!
Hey it's better than watching any Minnesota teams play! lol
Bad dream. Now I remember why I don't sleep.
sitting here working on integration strategy of social media response data with direct marketing response data for a customer. exhausted.
Good stuff. Mueller: Academic journals as productive forces in time-space; connections to ANT
Today, April 10, 5:15pm. Tech Tower. "When the Whistle Blows" ceremony to remember campus community members who have passed away.
Amen. Can't get enough.
Man FUCK the government. That's why im failing this class
Just spoke to that "other guy" who claims he "works" there.
likewise man. How you doing?
I love seeing the city flooded with Black and Orange. Everybody turnt up.
lolol well at least you got the papers served and you don't have to go back and hit that web again.
I think I am getting an iPhone tonight!!
Holy crap!!!
It's something out there better.
It's easy to point fingers. But it's time for us grown-ups to "grow up" and teach our kids right from wrong.
that's good shit right there..minus fashion shows
I think its safe to say its 45 degrees in my apartment right now. And that's being generous. Heat included? I think not.
I'm in a league of my own. Don't mention me with those others. Lol
glad it was good!
has defeated UCI once already this season. Let's do it again.
If it's a grower, isn't it automatically a shower?
music is life!
Look up for One, and look out for many. -Joel Garcia
You can log in & update from your phone's browser without fb saving your number, but it's true, #thezucksucks p.s.
i'm cold in this place.
Whoa. This Fray National Anthem is horrible. #March Madness
Please don't lose the snark!
Feelin Famous Babe !
At 1 a.m. today, 570 students took advantage of our 24/7 study space this week in Geisel Library--and there's room for more.
bout what?
marketingdomination.blogspot.com i need a lawyer, so i can put u on the 1st page of Google in ur local area for ur most searched terms
Hell yes!
We JUST transitioned them to being inside - they've been outdoor much of their lives. They are mostly safe from cars in VA...
were u work now???
devise new endeavors, i'm as live as a hive full of predators.
The only thing that gets me threw a Monday.... New music duh
Sweet. She's got good taste in music. :)
Sixers up 59-51 at halftime... should be a high-scoring affa...oh wait.
Miss my bebe. At least I have a busy day today. Gonna give 2 ladies some super awesome color. I will post pictures:)
such a long day, hopefully it doesn't turn out to be a long week
Went fishing with Auss. :P spent more time taking silly pictures. :] #goofs <3
they have more Swag than people twice there age! Keep doin what u do guys!
follow back please? (:
full length
frosted flakes and take out is all I am good for in the cooking department :)
Excited for #ASTD2012 next week - having a tough time deciding on the workshops...there are so many great options to choose from!
Aw you miss me! I want to
"we'll just tell your mother we ate it all"
i just voted for ya
Untouchable by is the most amazing song in the world, can't stop listening to it!
Tonight we choose: Crosskeys Tavern, Chillicothe OH
Today is not my day!
Pass payroll tax cut without delay! Lets get it done President Obama
#Justinto12k lets trend it !!!! (:
hahaha I'm a smelly giiirrrlll
Tryn Get 400 Tweets. Im So Lame.
wait, we dont have to wear pastry shoes to meet on the Coast to Coast tour? we can buy a m&g for 6$?
Police officer accused of passing on sensitive information - Honolulu Star-Advertiser
#UWRightNow is perhaps the coolest social media project I've ever seen. So proud to have spent my last 4 yrs here. I never want to leave
Good Morning All!! Did you hear there is going to be "Black Ice" in ATL tommorrow? Check your tires tweeps and don't speed on the patch
RT : &, ha, not to mention - follow him & join us from the studio this Monday evening for live.
Thanks! We work pretty hard at it. RT : just saw the Fall line up and I gotta say........YEAH BOI!!!!!!
Free coffee & donuts today!
RT : RT The 2nd episode is live! Check out our interview with at factory!...
Tweet hard daddy make meRetweet that thang all night long! Just sweat it out daddy! 💦
Back to the grind. This is going to be a great week.
&& I done told you it aint gon change...but on the real I would like to c you when I come to your city ...Loser
I'm bored :P
Beaufurn at #hdexpo May 15-17. Stop by booth #4936 to see our new products!!
you just called me prejudice against gays, terrible assumption
Cookie's Week?
Today's appropriate random en route to radiation song: Blue Oyster Cult's "Burnin' for You."
love sucks if u dont have love dont say it unless u mean it to some body lol i need to make it up to 400 help me please love u guys
if you want netflixs but also want games than also get gamefly it's same service as netflixs but for video games.
less I have to read about him the better.
Massage, shop, nap, dog walk, beer pong? Ok. It's Saturday, why not.
Happy Birthday Aly!!
I dnt get sleep. That's the only thing that be getting me, but its worth it.... I'm bout to text you in a min. :)
I love writing 5 page research papers on a book I don't even own.
yeah I will :)
omg we actually do. at least once a week.
RT : Pink alert: Damsels in Distress is currently on 5 Laemmle screens and is closing on all of them after Thursday.
Wrigleyville on opening day: the only place where being drunk at 5 pm is not only accepted, its the norm.
that's awesome! Can't wait to have the article in Wednesday's paper!
Welcome to our twitter page! Follow us for updates and promos on our store services! #Albuquerque, NM
my ass must not be big enough...
srry 4 slow reply we were closed for inventory. we have no coupons right now but will have going into the holidays
Thanks for coming in yesterday! RT : RT : Today was made for patio brunch w/ and (@ Square Cafe)
that ugly I found a rat in my house, and up under my bed, not as I saw, is gray and ugly so ugly :(
Hello hello!
This thing blends in this industrial space like it's not even here.
Havent slept all night. probably gonna try and stay up all day. doubt it.
that was my choice too, only a few other players have had rookie seasons like his (LeBron, Oscar Robertson, CP3, etc)
do you need soy sauce with that brown rice? #yellow fever line
on this William Shatner party: "This is what death is like."
#BestPerformanceEver the joker in batman
i hear you. Glad these games sandwich my son's own 2 games today. Otherwise, would be complete couch action here too.
You know when you've gone for a girl who's abit too young when you've got to make the train noise to get your C&*k in her mouth
but you're writing some sweet stuff. i'm waving from across the lake.
Like aviation? Stay tuned for more at the Mesa Historical Museum this fall!
likes to reinforce peoples assumption that im gay by tweeting things like that
Watching "Morning Glory" w/ our friend Rachel McAdams & thinking of your time in morning TV. Craziness! Glad you are now free!
Have you joined ITR yet?
Hello, welcome to Twitter; how's our "counterpart" in Branson doing?
no I wish! I'm zoned for bonanza but I'm not too far. I might get a variance :))
How did I forget to use twitter yesterday?
that might be some of it too ;)
Been doing so much forearm plank at yoga I have rugburn on my elbow. Gross elbow, rockin' abs...I'll take it.
getting some chicken wings, and brews after some buds
Any questions for the next upcoming weeks?
Our bench is deep. This game isn't going to be like the other one was.
It's #lunch time! Tell us, what Healthy Choice meal will you be heating up today?
Sorry, but the best tag team in the world is in TNA Motor City Machine guns.
Will you be attending next week?
CJ..Stand by your man...it's always about the man! Haha. I saw that one coming!
I refuse to leave you alone. Their is no turning back now. I'm in it until its over...
I'm still in awe from my close encounter with Devils Tower today.
lmfao that's a great song
DAMN STRAIGHT!!!! IT SHOULD'VE BEEN WAY BIGGER!!!
May Day: Occupy movement returns, but can it win converts?
In n Out would def make Colorado complete!
Fox News Jennifer Griffin,Dancing With the Stars Louis Van Amstel & comic Lisa Ann Walter on my show Wed 9-11pm(pst) on RADIOKOLAMERICA.COM
I'll never share the road with you.
lol, Truuu!! Well maybe we can go to the same.one..I'm in between right now
is getting ready for soccer practice!
off to the green valley book fair for cheap book goodness
you should be ashamed of yourself, sitting in cruiser while many drug deals are going on Maryland/21st
“You see things; and you say, 'Why?' But I dream things that never were; and I say, 'Why not?'”
Rihanna I can live without but I love Coldplay!
it's
#MyCelebCrushIs Matthew McConaughey. Ever since The Wedding Planner. :)
I miss you!!!! Hope you're having a better day .. .
okeyy. we have like 2-3 weeks to finish it so i won start it soon haha
I would buy a Pentatonix album tonight.
I would like to volunteer (if volunteers are still needed) for #mcn2010. How do I go about doing this?
Check out my good friend Estebans YouTube at Estebeast And my good friend Bradley at Brad
him and i will work it out
Paris gets a run in the 8th inning and leads Alvin 7-5 after 8 complete
I'll try it tomorrow, as Saturday is my "cheat day" w/ carbs. Maybe I'll get some pie, too, at Market St.
hey can you please follow me back? :)
okay I followed you now follow me
Looking collaborate with articles on genealogy? Drop me a line.
thank you! If you only knew the shit thats going on..."he" is on a 2 week vacay in NY (mommy paid) and...
good morning love (;
I'll just make and eat some bacon instead.
Doing art historian drag today, teaching a photo and a video class. Excited to teach some of my fave feminist queer and poco/afam artists.
#Browns ain't an option anymore who would want the #Sanchize ?
"No one asks questions anymore - Just google it!" from FB
Hey Dinoso, are you riding on the roof of a semi? Grin
Smiling is how Angels Tweet! Its why infants smile so much.
#GirlsWithNoAss no sarcasm im really sorry :) dead ass no pun intended
Merry Christmas! 🎅
canadian gold maple :) Why You Should Buy American Gold Buffalo Coins
Almost time for Freelance Austin! See you at 12:15 today at the Ronald McDonald House for 's presentation on networking.
#PlansForTheSummer I hope and pray to Allah I go overseas
Love the new UI for menu and channel lineup. Much cleaner with an awesome HD look. Keep up the good work!
So pretty, your awesome girl.
is it really that hard for people to flush the toilet after they go to the restroom? I mean seriously?!
What’s the biggest advantage of Xactly over competitors? #salescomphumor: “You mean from a competitor or a spreadsheet?”
RIP Donald 'Duck' Dunn Bass Player for Booker T & The MG's and The Blues Brothers. Member of Rock n' Roll HOF
“: Lemme know if you want me to follow you!” I'd be honored chef.
Too bad you're all the way in ATL...
That was fast.
Bye bye iPhone :(
Yay! New Allergic Living mag came today. Can't wait to see what's new! FAAN member discount for subscription.
As a professional arbitrator, he's got a responsibility to his own career to stay quiet, don't you think?
Grt Job ! See u "back home again in Indiana" ... Jim Neighbors style!!
Needs some ice cream
this weekend - perhaps Sat night?
New blog post...
trblog? Whatever. There aren't any GIFs on it and it is thus misleading RT : The campaign blogblr, right.
in your subscribe song video is that a gibson Les Paul sun something guitar
You take 100 pictures of yourself when you go to the mall? Wow, you have so much "swag."
Has turned into a morning "news" show.
But I'm straight RT : fuck you guys then
two finals and two papers to go
RSVP NOW TO THIS AMAZING FUNDRAISER MAY 12TH!
Prom tommorow! Perfect date, beautiful dress and really good friends. #excited 😃👫👗
I swear I will be the reason why this child needs therapy.
haha oh I like that! Touché. But to get on that beach model status, there's no break
Thank you for sharing these great #SDSMS tidbits. I'm eating them up! :)
the world is not ready for them...
Just saw the drop stop commercial. #foreal I'm about to order 3. #bbn # weareuk
What exciting news! Best of luck as you prepare for your new adventures.
mama we all go to hell mama were all gonna die!
what's the database for?
Following you via Looking forward to your tweets!
Good luck with that!
Say it isn't true! RIP Junior Seau.
Someone take Mike Smith's stick away from him until he can play nice.
do u know any 3 yr olds that can play mariokart and beat there dad. well my son just did i feel embarrased. good show today
Besides me, This girl is going through ruins right now. The simpliest thing you can do is show Harry her Twitlonger. Please.
Hearing a song on the radio or in a store and being able to say I'll be seeing them live this summer
Well, I haven't written at all today... but I addressed ALL of the wedding invites & spent way too much money at macy's & sephora.
I hear your follow and RTing everyone what about me?:D
When I watch bbw I be in a fighting mood.
is the cutest guy ever! I wish he would follow me. THATS MY GOAL FOR TODAY! ...It's just one click!!:Dplease! 36
Thanks!!! So sweet!
Ive decided i am going to cut my bangs straight across and put some blonde in em(:
": #Pisces don't like people challenging their authority"
The thing about fell asleep way before your usual bedtime: now awake after midnight & chatting w/ folks from the other side of the pond
Yes! What a cool idea!
Ha "Land Down Under" just played on the radio, too funny! #Aussie Aussie Aussie...
Finished latest web content rewrite. 2.5 months for NIH division.
i a
RT Im trying to settle a debate was Rudolph really one of Santa's original reindeers or is he completely fictional?
Join our mobile and receive a free gift tomorrow. Text SUNSET to 55800.
#goaway I hate you
Only disadvantage to living on the water-- #tsunami advisory. Hope everyone stays safe and takes the necessary precautions.
nice avi real nice
FRINGE IS ON!
Confirmed. wkhtmltopdf is it.
aye you never know what provider do u have verison
I got to check it out. Do you read sci fi and fantasy?
... Old School Saturday
Waiting in line to see with lots of other foodies! A nice way to start my Sunday.
Looking for a Mid/Sr level Database Developerperm position- Siliverlight, WPF and C# experience. Hit me up if you think youd be a good fit…
haha, thats all i ever wanted to see and he did it for me.
One of the best ways to support independent music is attend local shows.
I feel fat just looking at that lol
wow.. Will you teach me?
yeah you should be! My shoe is still red:P
Glad I can bring some entertainment to you. This is amazing. I wish everyone could witness this.
stfu your ass was in africa wrestling gorillas nd chasing lions
Ugh my gmail is down! Ever had this problem before?
I blame everything on Thomas. He told me i could.
Well tonight started off horrible . Then I made new friends .
what color aero shirts you got
Really? I hope the #browns know what they're doing because I feel draft-night sick at #22 #nfldraft ; I think I went to high school w Weeden
Aw.Thanks! It amazes how people drive in this city. Its no wonder pedestrians are afraid to cross the street.
Hey Jon, the pod cast is pre recorded. If you want to do the show we can set it up contact us through
TONIGHT is the *last performance* of LATW's National Tour: The Rivalry Gates Concert Hall, Newman Center
filmed 3 #homeless yesterday for their documentary. Looking forward to seeing what they come up with.
I'm hitting the running trail to get my Vitamin D for the day. Gorgeous day in Chitown.
Tired and stressed at work. Barely slept...ugh. You?
I want to go dancing!
that dog is being treated by my vet he's the best East Valley Vet Clinic in Sunland Dr. Hohne.
I GOTCHA
260 people have opted for the print subscription to ($65); only 60 have opted for the digital subscription ($51).
I have an idea... Delivery. I have to stare at your restaurant all day at work- would you please send me an ultimate cheeseburger?
As u should be gorgeous! RT : <<<--- is feeling good and looking good
Is throwing baby elephants at nude golfers illegal? Maybe if ur half Morrocan? Wait huh... Yum Morrocan chicken salad! Uh huh uh huh
I hope Kendall Hansen's horse wins.
Goin to Amherst vs. Avon in high school baseball tonite.
I wonder if stop, drop, and roll works in hell
do you know a food blogger in Jax you would recommend?
So did you ever get over to the Bakehouse?
Martin Gomez - leaves us with question: what's in best interest of the public?
Did Tiger borrow Ernie Els' pants??
U must B smoking!!!! Y'all jinks the bulls from rose being injured 2 now. I hope the bulls wnt evr do y'all show again.
On one hand, I think the iTV is stupid, since I have an AppleTV. On the other, not going to buy a new TV until they are released.
Jose James kicking off my weekend. Sweet!
Home safely...now to get some rest.
More & more I ponder the life of Paul & the love he had for every member of the church. I long to love like Jesus loves!
In #t101MediaLife where the professor references like a boss
Today has been a good day.
Real men eat pussy and like it.
Sunless tanners are a great way to get a bronzy glow without the dangers of tanning beds. What's your favorite kind?
I hate everyone equally :)
I Am Not The Kind Of Girl Who Should Be Rudely Barging In On A White Veil Occasion...
Bridgeport Ebemezer Ale on now at Lotties!
A message to a friend: "Since it's almost you're birthday, I want to make sure we're not going through something awkward right now?"
Ballroom dancing at the Elks - Wareham Week
feeling bad i couldnt work with tonight, im sorry i love you.
Oooohhh! Sounds wonderful! My current novel is set in the desert. SE Arizona. Where's yours?
Meet others who enjoy a fit lifestyle at freesweat.com
Trading in my truck for a more fuel efficient vehicle. I will miss my giant truck.
Wats good You guys forgot A.S.A.P Rocky On this year Freshman Cover 2012!
you go girl with your black ass
Made it through the day!! Just did a phone interview for "Homewrecker" now on to the gym!!
already done ;)
Triple h is with mayweather too? Mayweather got everybody with him tonight
Kamali making me laugh but I feel kinda down right now /:
already have turned around twice to go back home , dear lord this trip should be good .
oh please! your booth will be the most beautiful and well thought out booth in all of the #nss land
Lmao I Love Kwame Too! He Know I'm Just Messing. Haha
Came home to find chicken on the other side of fence. No one saw it happen, and she ain't talking.
Me and are so good at LSJBA.. We probably missed like 50 shots today.
RT us baby!!! is our remote & writer. Creating something great 4 Miami Marlin baseball. #GOFISH (That will b our main hash btw).
i truly think that taylor is the only friend i can tell shit to now. fuck everyone else. i love her.
is sad she just had to say goodbye to Meisa. :(
i'm upset 😔 i REALLY wanted that slushy ...
nah, did you go to school?
Congrats to former colleagues at on the move to FM
So moving to LA is becoming more and more of an option for me....
#ThirstTrap | ": DM's ONLY! Tell me somethin you always wanted to tell me. I'll keep it between us!"
Sry im nt on twitter im in chicago and cnt access a computer im on my phone rite nw luvz ya peepz
Playing Halo Reach until 10am!!!!Join if you have XBox live and Halo ODST!
About Time iGot My Work Permit !
More awesomeness from our new fans! Welcome #USA, #Slovenia, #SaudiArabia, #Italy, #Singapore, #Austria, #Philippines & #Germany!!
Thanks! We had a great time! We look forward to a future trip to DC!
2am,do you know where your run support is? Not in Japan!!
Omw home finna shower and sleep.
happy 19th birthday?...
Our Singer/guitarist Chris Butts finally got a twitter! Go follow him:
NBA Star Gilbert Arenas -- Changed His Mind About His Ex ... and His Lawsuit!
Psalm 36:9 For with you is the fountain of life; in your light we see light.
damn that groundhog day!
Good Morning! Have a Super-Sensational Saturday.......Spread Love
Tired of tryna prove shit to everybody.....
I'm not giving up on my Grizzlies either!!
Imagination disposes of everything; it creates beauty, justice, and happiness, which are everything in this world
Whys my cat always waking me up at 6am to go outside. Wonder what he does out there. I should mount a camera on him one day
If you hold your breath, your photos upload faster.
The Tupac hologram would've been a lot cooler if he was doing the Humpty Dance just like the good ol' days.
Omg that poor girl.
Mitt says hes gnna run on jobs he created not the bills he passed. Huh cuz I can't remember any while he served us as gov in MA.
So, tweet me your name and I'll ship you with one of the boys!(: -K
oh! Ok, now I got you! Twee ting is cool! Let's drink Friday night!
Uprooting out all the spam bot followers by unfollowing every1. Don't unfollow me if you are human, promise to follow you back;-)
RT : Delta Children's CEO, Joe Shamie, meeting with Mayor to donate 200 new cribs to !
Wish I had the answer
going to enjoy the christmas break! concentrating on Boxing and BJJ training for the next 6 weeks What are you guys all doing?
It seems at times that I am addicted to exercise and that my life depends on it...wait, IT DOES!! Improve your quality of life, EXERCISE!
SO TRUE!! RT if anyone has to step on anyone to get anywhere...it's not really progress. <3
of course he is, he's the glorious product of PPE
What are you reading?
First rule to building a new wardrobe...get rid of stuff you wore 10 years ago. Same is true with new success. Clean out the closet!!
Im in gym and just standing there, and a wanna be gym class hero who sucks yells at me!;/ umm no I'm better then just standing here!
Sharp and Ekman-Larsson
Ah Vincent's birthday is tomorrow , well soon !
Listening to Metallica and putting family pictures on my walls. Feeling rather nostalgic. Adulthood/living on my own is hard sometimes! :/
I'm hungry for some #HungerGames ;D
RT - Can I be a hoe ass nigga for a minute? Okay before yesterday I thought Troy Davis was a defensive back for the Mia...
This is the #FinalCountdown. We know you can do it.
good. I know! We played phone tag like it was what's hot! Next time though for sure.. You good?
#HappyMothersDay to all moms out there!
Hitting the streets.... Taste of Adams Ave.!
I'm gonna tweet YOUR twitter.
Yall this man at mickey dees came NFL and nipped the same spot AROUND me while I'm eating my food ..not 1,not 2 or 3 times but 4 EFFIN times
hopin to come to south bend soon. Thanks for spreading the word also. We appreciate it!
Thanks for the follow. Always appreciate your take on things. Great to be connected.
Didn't even take much convincing lol yes
“: I have been legendary since you were in grade school. #literally #imold” hahah
RT if anything Michael Jackson makes you wanna dance.
Why do i keep having such horrible dreams :(
Watching Obama at the town hall meeting in NH
actually and I found some at local while we were picking up Seastack.
36 days and I will be living in the Philippines
Our Hosts Niqui Love & Moses Munoz are a perfect combination for the AxeOff USA. We will have a long relationship guys! Mike Ladd CEO
you'll have to let me know if this works - sounds like a perfect plan!
What we do today, right now, Will have an accumulated effect on all our tomorrows.
o we're ready! It'll be a great game!
"Screw Folgers, the best part of waking up is knowing I survived last night's drinking.” tonight
what they say?
Come get our Lasagna for dinner tonight! It's made with ricotta soprafino, mozzarella, provolone, & our home-made "smashed" sauce!
still need to see Cabin
Can't you just use a remote proxy? (I've heard rumors of people doing that with Netflix)
Upgraded features, Upgraded chatting, we are working for you to make dating easier #1 free jewish dating website
We are now accepting youth submissions for the film festival!! Submissions are free for middle and high school students!
RT : The Knicks' tonight had four scorers with 20 or more points in the same game. I haven't seen that in a while.
On what basis would you suggest this? Seems like an outlier position.
heard great reviews regarding your book. Look forward to reading it! Doing a book tour?
I like to give Pat a hard time. He's a sharp handicapper, though! We'll try again next year.
Town's sewer pump malfunctioned & flooded this couple's family room - took 4 days to clean/clear out, that was last month
More And More by Joe is STILL my favorite song <3
I can&#39;t believe I missed the large enterprise social media meetup! So much going on during
I was kidding ; you're my bestfriend.
How about South America? :-) RT : Ima study abroad next year idk where yet
Spring is here...Think it'll finally snow?
hahah. How was your night?
uh, yeah. i took it easy on the way in, too.
Whoever designed the PS3 Black Ops multiplayer...try harder next time.
Anyone know what is using to get spotlights around its live screen demo?
Time to eat. From the deli... For the economy!
I'm done with my homework!!! Yay!!!
#20ThingsAboutMe i love my kids
4 gs to mine gold underwater in alaska... I'm downn haha
Who still read comic book and collect comic card or game cards?
Btw they told me poppin models was the single its getting mastered now! Now watch what I do.
Nice work tonight during mayoral debate
Me: front barbell squats with 1/2 my body wt. Only sore spots are shoulders and collarbone from the bar. Something def amiss.
#FF Happy Friday!
thats crazy i think you guys do it weird..blah could never do it.
so that wasn't a banshe
you can email me at I will send you the interview questions. I look forward to hearing your story. Cheers
Advise for Today: "Change your thoughts and you change your world." Norman Vincent Peale
HEY GAMERS...stay tuned we are announcing our sub $1,000.00 gaming PCs soon. Awesome as usual! Get ready!
Hulk.... smash!
What dosen't kill you, makes you stronger :)
Vets, too! RT : If you don’t understand something your dr. says–speak up! Even careful drs. can be guilty of using jargon.
Okay lets do some Chemistry, I'm a nerd but it's okay I love and live this stuff, numbers!
inst you birthday may 4 if it is then happy early birthday and im def. gonna be saying it to u again on your birthday :-)
Hello new #followers enjoy our tweets
On October 19, Microsoft promoted Kinect on The Oprah Winfrey Show by gifting Xbox consoles and Kinect sensors to the viewers.
Totally agree!
S/O To for being the ULTIMATE supplier & for following me too!
Founder of Hope of Life International thanks us for coming to Guatemala and introducing students to educational technology.
yipee! it's loads of fun doing that week, lots of crazy parties! :D
Variete tonight: singer/songwriter Dean Atkinson. Comedy by Gerald Torregosa. Dining by Connie Lacobie :)
Oh lord, people these days.
I thought you'd be the first to mention it.
Awkward moment when u faint at dinner.
Agreed! Quoting Mark Shaefer: 'Twitter is networking on steroids~!'
"The sign of true intelligence is not knowledge but imagination."[Albert Einstein]
No no kickstarter I did a thing off of FB
24 hour fitness downtown Sac! Monday nights with Quirina are the best!!!!!
How do you keep life simple in this age of overload?
4sureits all good if its different then that means you're either attempting 2reach your true artistic potential or u have :p
hi n yea thanks 4 the follow <FRESHMEN BITCHES>
hey, shout out to my brother man. i just wanted to say that.
K guys I'm tryin to stAy awake please start a conversation plz
RT : Listening to Mr. Thomas Hayes of talk about Marketing & Branding in higher education. #CincinnatiShoutout!
now can u explain
Oooooohhhhhweeee...... download the 7-4-09 show at pulsehiphop.net!!!! THIS WEEK, SPECIAL GUEST DJ ****
If I leave here tomorrow Would you still remember me?
Now this is the cali weather I know
Registering for a FREE Vacation! Our Lucaya Beach & Golf Resort on Grand Bahama Island! www.majkltravel.net Trip of a Lifetime Sweepstakes!
Technology does not get adopted until it is transparent.
Ours crapped out the day after we moved. #waterHeatersAreJerks But at least it's not awful-hot out. Open the windows?
bands and entrepreneurs worldwide use social media to advance their growth/marketing and obviously they can carry themselves
If you need to shred old books, do you give them to the gerbils?
RT - We enemies if you a Dallas Cowboys, New England Patriots, or Duke Blue Devils fan.
lol, thats whts up.... But when u realize there a waste thats when you should be on to the next
I'm a seat filler and I will be attending the
Fortenberry: Looks to the day when ALL students take something of an engineering literacy course.
would be honored to help in any way we can!
Ppl dying of #Hunger while others spend $100+ #Million for paintings at #Sothebys. Truly, we are a broken people.
Buy some. I once refused to pay $35 to get some at a festival after I lost mine & the results were painful.
followed! follow back? :)
Sometimes my focus needs more focus
In every girl’s life, there are 3 guys. One she loves, one she hates, & the one she can’t get enough of… & in the end, it’s the same guy.
AJ Hawk cut by the Packers. Finally he can fulfill his destiny and win the custody of his estranged son through arm wrestling
Check out this really great blog www.myjamrock.blogspot.com and www.sexyshanti.blogspot.com :-)
tks for the feedback! I agree..
Walk freely and harmoniously on your path towards a life that matters.
im really diggin your profile picture (:
I've gotten so many Cyber deal emails my mailbox is nearly full!
nice job of reporting
If you have filled out the survey to be in street team please message the page your answers:)
Thank you!!
Just spent six months going 'round and 'riund with a vendor, who keeps giving me the same quote no matter how I change the scope!
#ReplaceFilmsTitlesWithVagina Vagina On A Hot Tin Roof
so happy i wanna cry! Feels like all the chasters all over the world won tonight..slime for everybody!!!!
Let's face it. A Hot Mess is really just a Mess with nice breasts
Another great NETSL conference. Loved the chocolate pretzels!
u da man. Glad you are well!
OH MAN. KOTSAY.
going to watch some movie with Colin Farrel.Not a big fan.
Its the day after Valentine's Day where every store tries to get rid of the Chocolate by marking it 50% off, lol.
I'm dragging but I'm here @ zumba
Today was a good day. It took 24 minutes to make $40,000 dollars on the Portland Trailblazers.
Come and bring the family out to celebrate Kwanzaa at the APEX. Saturday December 31 6p "Kuumba" Creativity
Spelling is for suckers.
Jared Berggren () and Dan Fahey () named Academic All-Big Ten. I'd congratulate them, but they're probably studying.
...it's better to be hot and bothered than to be satisfied in worried* (Let that marinate)
nothing says 'I get tons of ladies' like that question! Sexy robots!
You've been hacked! Fix it dude :)
Have you found a need to warn readers if something is science-heavy?
Look out for our black Friday deal!
The undersides of leaves exposed.
have a great weekend! Nerd!!! Haha! Keep crushing it!
People are gonna hate me in 2012. Really.
Twins are in my family? O.o Cool :D
#9RoundMinute: 30 Alternating Reverse Lunges paired with 20 Jumping Jacks! Here we go, #Madison!!
Wife & I paid $22 to ride Metra round trip from Oak Park to Geneva. That's not value.
Precious boyfriend is home finally :)
I just got tix for NLCS Home Game 1. Hope I didn't jinx your
nothing yet, but you will if you're late to the Heat game. Get moving!
Nothing better than 2 prepare 4 your weekend w/ Extend&Restore this morn 8:30am!! Beverly Hills
#TeamSharon all the way! Spooky!
Have a safe and legendary
Madonna's never shit-talked Gaga, tho. RT : funny how madonna is proud of herself when she is talking shit about gaga ..
Thanks to those who made our holiday pre-sale so successful! With new donations coming in daily, shop early & often for best bargains.
Question, do you have your own solo dance video? Because I've been looking everywhere, and I can't find any D:
The awkward moment when you feel like a badass cause you did a frontflip off the diving board then some asshole does a triple backflip.
it's by the water tower in north park. I was a sub.. not sure if I'll play again. Good way to get in shape though!
Happy to meet other 'expectant' authors Any tips on waiting patiently?
"What, then, do we do?" "I'll show you."
has scheduled a review of SALVAGE THE BONES for Jan 1!! Now let's hope it's a good one!
: MT Kirk just gave the first "roger that" response to parliamentarian.<heard it and $5 says it won't appear in the Record that way!
Looking at #oomf just urkes me
Looks like I'm headin to the brewery after work
My cock just quivered a little from last night
Chinese or naw
Awesome! MT : Gay, Lesbian, Bisexual & Transgender Community Center of Colorado raised more than $50,000 in
Gettin our swell on.
what a cutie.
that's a fine choice! :)
Can't believe it's the last week of my freshman year of college. It went by so fast.
Why does my mom have to take my car when she goes out with friends :(
Reports that "Brookfields...the people who own this place...are on their 'last wits with us.'"
Join our twitter family!!!! and we hope to see you here at in Chicago AGAIN soon!
Bobby Knight is such a tool. Talks about POY and doesnt even mention Anthony Davis. That is some of the worst bias I have ever seen!
Amazing What Happens When You Decide! Romans 12:2. GOD IS!!!
Yo when we gettin ya thirsty ass replenished. Lmao.
: Was Zimmerman driven by recent republican racially charge rhetoric???
I have been such a bum b word today. I need to watch grey's and scandal.
I'm actually traveling tromboneless on this trip. I did bring mouthpieces.
A couple more weeks of hitting it hard with and we'll be getting that
you got that right! no one in the lobbies usually believes I'm 54! oops did I type that out loud lol
#808Pride i love u is only good when a boy says it first with out BEING ASKED
Should I go naked to graduation
I usually just play online. So like I play a little here and there. Blacks Ops II comes out 11/13:
Says who? I am a huge devotee of the serial comma (same thing). RT : apparently so is the oxford comma.
Blue actually got one right!!!
iron & wine, mumford & sons and panic! at the disco just know how to make my life fantastic.
Super Shuttle?! (feb 20) Dude...that's what having friends are for. Call us, gorramit!
My healthcare insurance will also come to an end in July.
Life is too short to nurse one’s misery. Hurry across the lowlands, that you may spend more time on the mountaintops. - Phillips Brooks
Twitter has given me new appreciation for
If you ever need social media or pr help let us know!
- is doing a crazy shot on Guardians! Go !!!
We love Smiley Miley! Still a smiler (':
Thanks for the follow! I am a big fan of your work and love how you are supporting women in growing their biz!
I'm officially done with my first year of #sagrad! Thank you to the #sachat & #sagrad communities for all your support!
No brakes? That is some bullsh*t. I'm out! Lmaoooooo haha I love the cab driver (:
Mad Shout out to its all in her title I'm following you sexy thang please follow back. I would love your company
A secret to providing a successful pitch to the media: Make it local. Provide local ties in for coverage in key markets
is on a Thurs this time, , maybe you can make it? 9/15 6pm Next Door.
Those who do not use keyboard shortcuts shall be turned into fertilizer for The Chosen.
go Nancy
": HOOP" you going up there today?
D's??? why don't i remember this!?!
Headed back to the lone star state ;-) ..
thank you!!!
Dear YouTube... I already preordered 's new album. My copy has shipped. So please let me watch 's videos! Thanks.
Happy New Year!
is busy as hell right now. 11 people in the cast today! i hate when shows try to bring in new characters to keep it fresh.
I'm usually a bit iffy on talking work at work parties, but I guess it's alright if that's your passion
Good discussion of security, privacy, and the cloud. Thanks to Tammy Clark, Georgia State's CISO.
I finally figured out the only reason to be alive is to enjoy it. -Rita Mae Brown
"Take this job and love it." - John C. Maxwell
Focusing on the act of breathing clears the mind of all daily distractions and clears our energy enabling us to better connect with Spirit.
WOW! cant find Junior Seau reports anywhere, not , not , looking , nothing. This bigger news than bounty Saints
that is precious!
Biggest lie you ever told. [: I remember hamburger with just the cheese. First dinner date, hahaha.
I love iPods. Now I have emoji and everyone else can't see it. Unless they have an iPhone or iPod 😄❤🎶💤🔥✌🐨<---- koahla bears are awesome
hey just said UK will lose in the SEC tourney.
I have Blues, and rednose pits for sale. they have their shots ans papers ready 2 go. Rita 404.454.1494
Prom and teens tanning not a good mix. As bad as exposure to mustard gas cigarettes and arsenic. Tanning beds huge cancer risk
I love you too.
I find it fascinating that most folks plan their vacations with far better care than they do their lives.
Finally my turn to drive.
Hm well I might do that then
Just tried-doesn't work-removed on all versions RT : Try it, but according to Twitter it away because it takes the spirit of Twitter
I've been at #MDC north for no longer than 2 minutes. The things here are..well interesting to say the least
Legend in 2 sports. Basketball star, too.
MADE SUITE SOUNDS!(:
Hey David sorry for the late shout out - been off line but I'm back! happy weekend to you!
RT : When William Faulkner said, "Man will prevail", I don't think there's anyway he could have predicted Pitbull.
Sony has 1 new high end camera, need to get more info on it...
oh i kno the feeling..ugh..how is ur day so far??
Always fun to see librarians get faux contentious. Battle of the embedded librarian models!
Bob Ross~ We dont make mistakes here we just have happy accidents. - from the Joy of Painting
LIFE is similar 2 a refurbished computer with a yearly warranty you could either repaired it or upgraded its the same with friendships.
next week?
lots of emotional testimony on heartbeat bill before senate committee...hear some of it coming up at 11
It better not rain today!
I can just teach you! But in answer to your question, no. :-)
No, Apple TV, I *wont* watch a movie entitled "The Vow" with someone named Channing Tatum.
I'm not fuckin playin with this woman, she gettin on this damn beat lol
OMG yur stupid! :p
Yes! I love it.
idk you shouldve killed me when you had the chance is my song
The site is backup, thanks for your patience!
you are the best thing in my whole life! :)
thanks ma see you Saturday :)
hey gurrlllll. *rolls tongue*
Oh my GOD why did I bother with the free lunch when Reading Terminal Market exists?!
My takeaway from : We all own the tools to tell it like it is, so use them and have impact!
that blows :(
Who wants to be my favorite baseball player now? Taking applications now.
"Good morning!!!!!!!! :D" RT if seeing that smiley made you wanna smack a baby.
I just don't know about that for sure. Someone check the rule book!
Is Garcia using AJ's old pitches ... :l
- oh and glad nobody was hurt!!!
Long day. Knees are killing me, hands are rough, raw, and blistered and my biceps won't stop twitching
Good thing that Ron Paul has absolutely no chance to win the nomination. He's the only #GOP candidate with plausible ideas.
We are now hiring, please email us at
That all sounds good. When you launch do a mention of us so I can admire what you built. Happy to retweet to promote it for you too
I'm up cant sleep i havent bn to sleep alday, now I'm goin to eat popcorn and watch a movie don't know wat though, m :-!
Singing " I never thought you'd be the 1 make me shine brighter than the sun"
<3 ritee I go to sleep listen to music
is volunteering The Marine Mammal Center tonight.
Some Democrats were rated lower but no Republicans were
Memphis let Marc Gasol go to work tonight 21 points from 8-14 shooting 7 rebs and 4 assist he's just about their best players
To the mouse going into the lizard tank happy hungers and may the odds be ever in your favor
I hope it's not like last time when my back hurt &&' every little thing hurt ; like laughing or breathing in .
Basketball always clears my mind
Ugh I hate when I can't sleep in
Totally agree!! Take care!
Hey,Thanks for the follow. SUBMIT your work to www.polyphonyhs.com. FYI, I'm a West Point Grey-er. Org. Seattle girl....
thanks. On my way but not there yet. Later today or tomorrow?
What's your take on it, after 3 weeks?
My body is so ready for Warped Tour.
It bothers me when girls hate on others for being pretty. Everyone should appreciate beauty in all forms!!
Bitch I'm in the 212.
if a guy cheats on a different girl with you, what makes you think he won't do the same to you?”
This week has been
email is ready to send to vans Feb. 1st
Liberty is to the collective body, what health is to every individual body
what is the temperature of your favorite wavelength of visible light?
Drinking some Gourmet Hot Cocoa w/ Marshmallows! I love having access to gourmet beverages when I want to!
I'm smart. I just occasionally tweet stupid.
and while u do it imma be Pretty girl rocking! *Keri Hilson voice*
thanks for the follow
With each member? Down. n_n
“: all hours!” word
and brag about getting the "hottest" bitchez ~fat~
RT : We are like angels with just one wing. We can only fly by embracing each other. Anonymous
Slick wanted to go to school today...
awe. Were all here for u guys.
Goodmorning Beautiful People!!! Have a Blessed Sunday!!! :-)
what??!! When is it supposed to open up? It's the best cupcake bakery. Ever.
Radio Disney 30 CountDown The top 3 was.......... #3 )Ross Lynch- billion hits #2 )One Direction- Beautiful #1)Selena Gomez- hit the light
Organize, prioritize, delegate and dominate (aka take action). This formula can get you very far when applied to anything. -Zach Marcy
I believe that Jews and Arabs could live together. It's not a simple thing but I believe we could reach an agreement.
hahahaha too much...that's that down south 'ish smh
She steals like a thief .. But shes always a Woman to me ... 🎵
Now that I'm not in school and can relax the horniess is back with a vengeance. Esp with my favorite aphrodisiacs around: food and wine
It has been 1000 days since the #ReidSenate passed a budget.
#FridayReads #Pandemonium by Books. Some sequels are disappointing. Not this one.
#Boxwire BizTip: A better overall customer experience leads to better sales.
Get the Gringo opens Available on demand May 1. During a high-speed car chase with the US Border Patrol and a bleeding body in his back s
#ImMadBecause you want me to change so you can like me.
Wow... but bummer for your mom. Hopefully they don't all quit at once.
It annoys the fuck out of me when people think they know everything!
Fantastic random quote!
GIRLS are programmed to say No .
I know he is, but I'll be watching the event, not the self-selected back-slapping.
"If you have a garden and a library, you have everything you need."
Thank You.I want pple 2 give me that respect as a writer so i give it.
Tracking drums and guitars today for the new song, get stoked.
Thanks. Me too. I hope U are loved as much as I am becuz my mom loves me a lot! Even when I'm bad! Purrs.
thanks! Actually, I think every icon was made by a different person. I don't have a go to icon designer, but always on the lookout.
Anybody feel like throwing a kegger at sybaris?
I just heard thunder! What a rare treat for the Bay Area! (Earlier, hail. But that was just weird and alarming).
I should be in the dry cleaning business. $120 to clean a simple wedding dress?!?
Can you follow me ????? (: you always notice my bestfriend. and she really wants to skype with you.. (:
lol that pic of you I posted on instagram jerky liked it (:
PLEASE no one tell me #Rondo is the future leader of this team after this...
Stay tuned to Fox 8 news tonight @ 5 for MAJOR announcement for the Soul Survivor Contest!
SP is not smart to choose best content database in GUI - Site warning level only Use powershell for precise site provisioning
Beauty, more than bitterness, makes the heart break. Sara Teasdale
Getting geared up for #matchday2012 and loving the costumes!
I hate people with stink feet 1 word bakingsoda
Excited to see and other awesome women biz leaders tonight
I tried looking it up and found like a thousand different solutions. :/
Why make school start on a Thursday ? Ahaha people don't think . But I don't go back till next week on Tuesday :)
goshh drijack i will dude okay ! i get out june 1st
...and now a member of The Recording Academy (home to The GRAMMYs).
jon is awake from his twitter nap
RT : The song of the birds and waterfall outside Powell Library is so therapeutic.
Well that was 3 1/2 hours of my life i'll never get back
Vector, Rockwell, & Frutiger are good dog names. You have to be able to yell the name at the top of your lungs.
Sorry! All my fault! Never happen again! :(
Im a regular RJ Berger
i could not take my eyes off bailey
still gonna cut u!!!! inside out
No, my young padawan. Much left for you to do, there is. Yes.
well off I go, going out and seeing what to do.
I'm gonna go hangout with my boyfriend now... It only took him 3 hours to get here. #jk 😉
Let's get drunk you can drive us to the harbor...
Youngins, the both of ya!
Big, huge beautiful snowflakes in abq. It's so white outside!
Lmao semi day off
I have a confession to make don't ridicule me when I say it! . . . . I like. . . the twilight movies. . . I can hear the laughter now -_- !
The latest version of #kiddori for #iPhone is now available in the App Store.
follow 4 follow? if not sorry! Free promotion site on my profile if u need hits to your likes, follows, +1, views
#tobehonest you can get really annoying , but i love you anyways>.<
How do you keep a song simple while being complex at the same time?
Swindle was a huge hit with our 4th grade book club!
RIP Jim Marshall. We'll crank the Park and Super Lead up in your honor.
Finalizing the interview with Should be available for download by the end of the day!
Thanks for the retweet! Go #Brewers and Go Amy!
love it ;) saving!
Turducken for dinner!!
People who stare should be punched in the face!!
I have a Fav on Nicki new album (drum roll).... #15 Marilyn Monroe
I'm not surprised though.
Hey! Help us get ready to move. Big sale store wide on all in stock books!
You're welcome! :) just speaking the truth.
Later Gators
Great deal! --> RT : 25% off ANY order--SALE ENDS SOON! Just use code CRDEC11B at CrispyPrints.net :)
Cornhole. Grilling. My house.
please Pick Me !?! c:
I. AM. GOING. TO. TASTE. OF. ADDISON. RYAN.
My mom thinks I can get a 100 on my Latin test....
Yes! Once AVB found out there were #ASOT house parties in MIA, he'd give us a shout-out and it would explode!
Don't worry ..made it safely on the train... Hopefully 3 strange women won't sit in such close proximity to me this time..
First 3 people to show this post during #happyhour get a frankenmuth on stubby!
thank you I appreciate your kind words!
It's Ed Sheeran O.o LMAO!!!!
I'm at a movie theater sporting a crisp white chef coat and tie tonight-- like to class things up every once in a while.
blame my parents. my mom hates food
Yea I'm mad we have Two lunches but I can't stop thinking about lunch & alvins Noodle dancing & faces to get away from the securities.
I to clicked the link but it's not working:(
Josh Hamilton's 4 HR's reminds me of the good ol days with when Mike Cameron did it in '02
- Will never forget when a mayor tried to shut him down. Polka dots all over city in protest.
Nintendo 64, That Use To Be The Game System Back In The Day. Shit, I Still Got Mines And Still Bust Ass In It..! =)
Overheard in airport: "I'm surprised it's still light outside. Must be the sun?"
this was brought to you by penske truck rental
I cried when & became super famous😔
The Hoya Innovation Summit is tomorrow. Taking ideas and turning them into action with , , , and many more
Dont forget to register for a free tattoo from Hardluck. We will be drawing the winner on the 30th!
better text message
i'm trying to get muscles so babes will dig me! -eugene
'bout to hop on my Vespa and cruise downtown! I love Chicago!
It's official...36 today...I'm now over the mid 30's hump...starting the slide towards 40....yahoo!
It's amazing how one person can come into your life, totally by chance and make such a positive difference.
THE TRIANGLE!!!!! RT: i challenge you to find an instrument no one has filmed a super mario brothers theme on
: : Alice died this morning while she was retweeting
Thanks and for airing Ohio Means Business. We appreicate it!
... Happy Birthday!
check out our website, greenwindsolar.com or give us a call. Phone number is on the website. Thanks!
all day
idc bitch u always mad o fucking well gn bitch ull b over it n the am if not o fucking well!!!
On the floor now: are you active in your community org? Name the org? What have you done? Come to think of it These basic questions r on pt
Teen Night a successful! It's been going strong this year. 250+ in attendance. Thanks Mikey for helping the teens to make this happen!
arrested development or the the office ( the american one ) Arrested development was a intelligent comedy but America was
if I have any left i'll give you one! if not I'll def make you one over the weekend 😄
I got an internship with ! I was overcome with joy when I received the offer.
Ah, haha thank you Natalie Portman.
Help me
Thanks for the RTs
Catching #EddieVedder 's show tonight? Stop in for dinner/Power Hour & let our Prime steaks satisfy before his Ukulele Songs whisk you away!
It's the wisdom and energy from all you guys that keeps us motivated, so #keepitcoming :)
Good morning LA. Let the day begin!
About to shoot some hoops with my boy
ha, you know it. It's been that kind of Padre season too, makes you miss your Madre. LOL
Why do consumers get so jazzed up about #SuperBowl ads? My opinion - quality.
woohoo have fun and enjoy!!!
What can we say, we have a floor made of mattress!
Did you know you can use your HSA card for services at our spa?
RT Just reported a hazard on I- 270 S, using Waze - Drive Social
because Kentucky wanted to move it to a neutral court so they can protect their home record
Bigg day today fighting 4 first place
Thanks for the shoutout!
TweetDeck is cool but it is kinda freaking me out right now. Too much going on. I feel like I'm a pilot looking at the controls of a jet.
you don't like pizza?
Wait, wait, wait... Dusty is bringing in a RHP to face Izturis, thereby forcing Ron to do what he should have done anyway?
I'm Out. My Twitter is Screwy. Nite all ♥
Three more weeks till our show at the Recher Theater
that was the best night ever!! are you comming back to the next one?
My cousin and I are on opposite ends of the country and God is clearly speaking similar messages to us. #AmazingisntHe!
Paul Oakenfold's 'Bunkka' is a 1 o.a.k. Electronic album. Makes you feel a wide range of emotions.
tryna get faded this weekend!
And apparently Dot is there waiting for me so she can talk to me about tech
bored in school playa
I love learning new phones
So...Sanctuary is coming out May 1st and that day is one year exactly since I met and fell in love with
i lost one follower people r rude
Did u guys get ur truck back
I love you more.
Congrats!!!! Can't wait for your housewarming. ;)
Kinda hungry
How on earth did i forget #TheVoice was being pushed back for fashion star??? I'm an idiot.
I'd like to wish my Jewish friends and family a Happy Passover, fellow Christians a Happy Easter, and you atheists the best of luck.
yes. Accurate on ALL accounts.
Health Tips: Lower your anti-nutrition intake and cook in steel or pyrex! but not in aluminum.
until we can provide incentives ( and I are working on this), authors and editors will have to chase down reviewers
2Bit Palomino up for Texas Music Awards this weekend! Whats up???
I'm happy: that's just the saddest lie.
I'll be reviled for totally different reasons :)
This is news how? :)
Thanks for the follow. I am Antoine. Let's stay in contact
Lieberman has a right to bark, and sites have a right to ignore - or not. Maybe a little venom for the cavers?
Please do. No one listens to me, or consults me on this. They just wanted me to embed it, and it's not embeddable.
Valid point, I guess not...
We're goona have some fun tonight!
that slut need a longer skirt, her feet was too big LOL
hey, txt me during school
Follow --> : Check out our new website being dev'd by at www.hoopdreamsonline.com
all is well... Healing quickly! Thanks for checking in!
traditional industry didnt need influence scores. How can u set standard if u dont know the industry
Thank you!
Keystone dead. Americans impoverished. Sen Feinstein's (D) hubby makes bazillions? America has fallen, has fallen...
Buzz Williams makes me want to sit on my couch harder, I cann see why these MU kids play as hard as they do.
Im thinkin about goin to an african american salon-no one knws how to handle my curls! I dont wanna str8en it i want to go natural!! Grr
Thanks for the RT. Let me know if you are interested in the job.
Why do my tires have to cost so much?! 
how many, exactly, is "X"?
Can you follow me please? I love you su much! Never change, you're amazing. Kisses. I'm proud of be simpsonizer16
Southern miss softball game today, see if a chick can show me how to hit!! #ju#JustSaying™
Should be the jump off
Come and meet the sexiest nerds in the area. Come to Erotic Pole-Etry on 3/30 and experience a different kind of sexy.
Fuck everyone. Seriously.
try bourgeois Pig on franklin.
Thank you! RT Support !
High as a motherfucker :-) yeahh buddy!
Man I been certified
or bawl. Either way ;)
Changing my password,
My ass says no, but my head says f#*k ya! Damn you taco cabana!!!
C'mon, you know you want to see some custom card sleeve making action!
Finally beat Assassin's Creed: Brotherhood, Now I can finally open Revelations and start it!
we just started faculty book club to read ya books, food provided # titletalk
unless it was Helen Mirren? :-)
Before you speak think.. T- is it true? H- is it helpful? I-is it inspiring? N- is it necessary? K- is it kind?
that still exists?
How quickly people can forget about those who helped them, until they need help again.
real people indeed!
I have sucks a bad headache right now :(
I'm getting the limited edition alumni cardigan.... #I'mHappy
It's very true!
I hope it's earlier
Before New Years Eve Ends Will The Marvelous Mikey Follow ME <3 [: ? 1
Napa AT&T technicians asked to leave work for wearing union stickers - Napa Valley Register
If A-Rod gets lifetime ban from Selig and it's because Affleck & Damon outed him, are they automatically granted lifetime passes to Fenway?
RT : You're most genuine when not rehearsed.RT : Considerng makng more impromptu videos
So disgusting it's catchy!
you're correct, actually!
Closing candidates statements support educational excellence for San Diego public schools
Is your company leveraging social networks to find smart candidates for job openings? We do social recruiting! Tweet us
This is perfect weather for curling up on the couch with a good GRE book.
Also, thought it was super great that the Giants fans did a chant to welcome Ishikawa. Polar opposite of Dodger fans.
This storm should help wash a lot of the puke off #mifflin street, and wake up drunks that passed out in the bushes.
Gotta get me some of those Bose-cancelling noise headphones.
already tried. i might have to delete it and re-install.
I'm actually talking with support right now. Cross your fingers. Not much longer I hope.
The sound of a leaf blower is the perfect soundtrack to a gruesome murder.
Great pic! The expression say it all. :-)
*wink wink*
not yet sir... Not yet haha
Trying to get rid of my bad body double...
Twitter is so boring when Austin doesn't tweet. Omg baby, come back!
$25 move-in special for 5x10 climate controlled units! It's a great size unit to store all your summer gear in!
Putting a coca cola lid on a mountain dew bottle.
Work time..
Tonight I'm spinning at Beckett's on lincoln ave and catch my mixes 10-11pm & 1-2am on 1035 kiss fm chicago!
Sounds perfect. See you tomorrow!
Keep doin it by on right now tune in. Its anotha one fa us ladies
just watched shottas. For the 11th time this week. I love your dads tattoo on your arm
There is no chance, no destiny, no fate, that can circumvent or hinder or control the firm resolve of a determined soul.-Ella Wheeler Wilcox
grab a lock of your hair, straighten it, get a ruler, and measure it. Read the number, tweet it. how long is ur hair? :) .x
Many Men - 50 Cent ... Such a good song
S/O to Samba Grill, , , for letting us be great in
This Common album any good, my family? Or this Jeezy?
Thanks for spreading the coolness!
I need to throw up. Can I do it on your face?
Coming soon; Touchbone Pictures Presents, the Rise and Fall of the DC Mayor; Chancellor, Police/Fire Chiefs & Attorney General. A comedy!
Not sure why Lincecum is on the 1st base side of the rubber when everything is running inside the rhb box.
#gratitude: Warm bed, red wine, another client, new and interesting people, dogs, the kids and quiet moments to think without dogs and kids.
so true.
Ask "Why did it take 3 games to get EJ Fields involved in the offense?"
Based on text messages alone, most people would probably assume my mom is a 14-year-old Hungarian immigrant.
I'm working on the June calendars today. Any requests??
Still in #Tucson, and aisles to go before we sleep!
or just order it online its free shipping anywhere in the UK and other places I think.
Same here. I'm looking forward to the contrast.
Um, drinks?
thank you for the doggy bag!
As a guy driving a Pathfinder with a tape deck, I ask: when did they go *out* of style?
New Links page is up.
using Dropbox for sharing non-sensitive docs, on-campus secure email for sensitive docs, and SpiderOak for the in-between.
Just landed in LA I'm in love already
The Day the LOLcats Died.
Missed you guys at SX but really love your sound. Come back to Austin soon!
I Always Wanted To Drop Kick A Bitch!!
Broken Social Scene is getting me through my day. It's been too long!
real laughing shit be funny
great to be in touch and thank you for the follow
It felt great in bootcamp! I was keeping up w/the 20 yr olds!
Remember to dress your best for the Job & Internship Fair tomorrow (28th) from 1-4pm in Bender Arena.
time for some track practice! Good morning rain.
This game will make me shit on the floor..or my pants. Either way I'm not cleaning it up. #buck👀
why thank j00. You're welcome to my future plot of land too! :D
Hey! Check out , or Gossip :)
thanks for all the great info. enjoy following!
My educ prof this wk sgested I call myself a media specialist, not a teacher lib cuz a "TL" isn't cool. How should I have responded?
#shootermac is really trying to ruin our Friday!!
Thanks ya'll for the turnout! Zodiac prevails.
Anxiety is the space between the 'now' and the 'then'.
Any producers looking for a hit record? I placed my submission to Blazetrak weeks ago & still have yet to hear back.
Wow. RT : Between 2009-2010, 93% of all new income went to the top 1%.
So many birthday wishes from my Facebook friends!
me either!): I guess, I should not have slept until 2 this afternoon. lol!
Thanks Dan!!! We need to grab a beer sometime
Special ed. position available in Charlotte NC for 2012-2013.Full inclusion program; differentiated instruction, embedded ABA.Reply for info
all my East coast friends are now prepping for lunch...i miss them. here i am eating breakfast by myself on the West coast. oh well!
Simplify your marketing message. Make clarity your first objective. You can’t sell anything to a prospect who doesn’t understand the...
We all know you can hunt these animals , but should you? What happened to teach a man to fish?
ah yeah!!
Good to know. Curious to know why it was left out this year?
Breast Cancer Awareness month is October. Sign up with Tucson Alarm and your first year's monitoring goes to fight breast cancer.
Sound like a plan happy 111111
unretweet that he's mine skank
hahaha I got fired 😏
#DescibeUrExUsingOnlyMovieTitles Bone Collector
follow bacK?
We must either find a way or make one. -– Hannibal
big dumb sex by soundgarden oh where are my ovaries
Enjoying the ECRC Roundtable in Orchard Park, especially when my opponent introduced himself as a regular at BJs fashion department.
Thanks! (And thanks for all the tweeting.)
Tomorrow is going to be 93 degrees! ☀☀☀ I think it's appropriate to go to school naked haha just kidding
dam ur sexy mama
so true!! That's why she is so blessed..
are u ok who messin with u cuz u know and I will help u beat a hoe down lol love u #we got yo back!!(:
Merry Christmas Eve - may your holidays be filled with peace and blessings.
Just witnessed a crackhead defiantly snatch a coffee away from a pretty young collegiate outside of The Bean. Kinda awesome.
that ball boy's got skills
I'm going to 42 street with my best friend that I known since second grade and my little sister to Dave & Busters <3
Floods-Check out my sandless sandbags..Ready to deploy in minutes.Dont waste time,manpower and materials building traditional sandbags!
utah, hawaii, colorado, new york. that's the plan for the next month. look out.
It is characteristic of wisdom not to do desperate things. Henry David Thoreau
thnx for callin me out on twitter I got u for free tmrw well talk busters lol
Anyone know of a church that would allow a short wedding scene to be filmed in Chicago? Anybody ?
thank you :)
praying Bishop, GBU!!!
Gotta get my shit together ASAP
#BandNamesReplacedWithDwight: We Came As Dwight.
We have major problems with food production & animal cruelity in the country. Foie Gras is not one of them. Let's
#InCaseYouDidntKnow i am extremely outgoing and bubbly :)
Have you been in to visit our new exhibit in the Lewis Gallery? Check out designer dresses in the PWH "Blue Wrap Project" show.
hope see you soon! ;)
play combat training mode. It's the online maps but against CPU. You can choose game and difficulty
Do it!
Custom type + snarky type = match made in heaven
You got it! Pharmaworks!
Great freakin' day :)
you should tweet about this band called ! :) you'd love them!
the other studio is in the west end on Cox Rd.
It is excellent, easy to understand and full of color, said former Member of Parliament Mr Gangsin Seongil. 10% off coupon code SHENYUNFANS
And worst feeling after
I have my first final on the 18th and the last one on the 21st then I am done!
Got it down, three hot trax recorded!!!
Truth, though I've rarely felt like he was wasting my time. Least favorites: nextwave, Dr. Sleepless, and SVK was disappointing
When he's 2 years younger than you it matters lol. RT ": age aint nothing but a numbaaaaaa lol"
My life = work and school
hm okay then.
In all honesty, all archivists should follow He's all over the listservs, and he has some great ideas!
Manifest tomorrow. 5:45pm hits the stage. Free show so come on out.
4am exterior filming, sound holding due to street cleaning! HOLDING.
jake, drake. hey. it rhymes.
came here in 3rd grade in 1970. Is there an "almost" list? Otherwise my pooch Scout qualifies as a #sxsnative!
My Dad and best friend, , won't answer my phone call. Stop being assholes, guys.
Fair enough - but do believe that we've only scrapped the surface. Just saw a really interesting demo.
#gypsy is at 15th & Q right now! Will be here for at least an hour! Come shop! :)
love your style!
someone text me? this thunder <<<
walking in the middle of the street <33 #fun #yee :)
Best part about shitty things happening on shitty days? It doesn't ruin a otherwise non shitty day.
Omg stop texting me....you're getting really annoying
TONIGHT: #RevolutionSaturdays Hosted By: Sounds By: | 2 x 1 Drinks Reservations:
oh no! Total waste
I will drunk tweet enough for the both of us ;)
a conversation should never B a rhetorical contest 2 gain dominance; it's a tool 4 mutual enlightenment between civil people
:) happy you like it “: Awesome!”
Dr: you need to stop gymnastics. he leaves, mother: that is not an option me: i hate you
They going for the LOW cause peeps didn't even go 2nite. Smh Bulls playoff tickets for the low hmm i dont mind if i do lol
Sometimes I wish I had gone to grad school.
kill ya self
wasssssuppppppp! (scream from scary movie voice)
as in former MU star? I was his #1 fan my frosh year :-)
Thank you!! <3
I wonder how many UB kids take the Hopkins shuttle
you was spittin on there
": You are too funny love u too" uhh...who ya talkin to?!!
A girlfriend/boyfriend who holds you down, in spite of what happens >>>>
Merry Christmas everyone!
Finding the right dog is hard, sigh. Applying to rescue groups sucks, more sigh.
Sure! I love the idea...but it's on SO late! I can't stay up that late... boo! Gotta DVR it!
it's crazy how many people already registered, i saw that it opened up at midnight!
Going to physical therapy.
Hot yoga was incredibly intense today! But I feel pretty good now :)
he is.
Sowwy. I don't need 5 billion "bestfriends" running around
hell yeah!!! what about saturday night??
It sucks that the system makes it so difficult make change when it is oh so obviously needed.
pearl Izumi and bontrager make several starting from $50. The more you spend the more support you get from the pad.
Are you still feeling under the weather? You have got to be climbing the walls by now!
Happy #ArmedForces Day! We are so thankful for the service of our soldiers and veterans!
Being good isn't always easy-- that's why I don't try. :)
Investigation of Ariel Warning, novel about identical twin brothers & woman who comes between them Author Robert Kalich is an identical twin
Watching always makes me hungry
Watching orioles and hummingbirds dart around as I sip amazing coffee. On vacation & at a museum conference in Bisbee. Having fun. Ah.
Da Best team won NY Giants! That was a great game last night!
I hear "sarge at arms" nearly had to take up arms today, eh?
Everyone be sure to tell mom thanks for vetoing that facial that one time long ago.
En route to CT. Quick cousins stop in Greenwich!
skizo? I don't remember what's his name lol
#PACKthePAC! TIME TO STAND UP! STOP CITY LAYOFFS! STOP SCHOOL CLOSINGS! THE STATE OF NEWARK @ NJPAC - 3/1 @ 4:30PM (1 Center St) BE THERE!
RT Stay hungry, stay foolish. - Steve Jobs
Heading out to madison to pick up some !
Yes for sure! I'll be at the cocktail reception, chat then?
I got the moves like jagger ;)
take your feet, your grapes, and your music requests out of here.
Contact Us, to have a full set of quotes emailed to you. We always try to quote three different major health insurance providers!
thanks all
I believe that even asking that question is racist.
How true! RT : "Advice is what we ask for when we already know the answer but wish we didn't." Erica Jong
Suffering from tweeter's block. I think I'll play piano now. Have a nice evening!
. I think there is merit to that. Are you talking about a general look at mass transit here or its impact on sports?
thanks Aubrey! Love you too!
Football all weekend! Who you rooting for? All the action here!
Me: Are these the stairs? Random chick: *Walks away* Me: That's cool.
watching you ;)
Happy Monday everyone
Chiiineseee food, :P
#bandsILove One direction.
I hope all is well and looking foreward to seeing you!
. lost my business forever. won't accept a mass liquor ID; if you drink you gotta drive. any ideas?
": #10ThingsAboutMyself blackout drunk is the only kind of drunk I get. #helenkellerdrunk"
Music and Art Flourish at The Renaissance School, a Montessori School in Oakland, California
Don't you just hate when you know an employee and they don't give you a discount whatsoever 👎
spend shift 4: block party capitalism, consumers focus on supporting local businesses.
Thank YOU for listening to ! We appreciate you!
Y'ALL, OMG LETS GET THE KARDASHIANS AND JENNERS TO TELL ME HAPPY BIRTHDAY.
i'll be waiting
this bores me..is anyone up for a game of basketball ? *prince voice*
Since 1998 I have been trying to get people to ditch Powerpoint. i have not always been successful.
Uhh. It's also the 2 year anniversary of when I first came to your house, you dick.
please follow<3?
Okay I officially want to hear The Black Keys play "Little Black Submarines" live. That song rocks.
“No matter where you are in life right now, no matter who you are, no matter how old you are – it is never too late to be who you are...
Turns out, the $.99 Store is the top distributor of the worst flavored everything, the reject snacks. The shit nobody else wanted.
Still thinking about the 360 #Fela twerk. Think I got it. We have to practice and meet back up
Rob's Thursday tip: Kissing the floor at work will get you sent to Occupational Health for evaluation.
These fab biz ppl rock my world!
-- Check your DMs. I think you've been hacked.
wat u mean by that
This is much more about Molina than Garcia.
Happy mothers day to all the mommies out there! I was blessed with the best. :) #loveyoumumzy 😊❤
Long day! Acupuncture time!! :)
#HappyNationalAgnesMonth Be aware everyone, March is the time for the agni!
Here I am!
Game of Thrones. Heroes. Eastbound and Down. Prison Break. Dexter. Weeds.
one more thank-you to for leading a great chat on mobile this week.
It didn't happen
God determines who walks into ur life. It's up to u to decide who u let walk away, who u let stay, & who u refuse to let go.
RT : Did U know that 1,753 breweries operated in the US 4 sum or all of 2010, the highest total since the late-1800s? WOOT!!
Marriage is life's greatest gamble?!?! What about unprotected sex with Courtney?
I feel bad for anyone that isn't a student at uk!
I do both p90x2 and p90x1 but I prefer P90x1 i feel I'm working harder .
in post-production for client's trade show video; preparing proposal for client's media training needs; in pre-production for London shoot.
follow me please? I absolutely LOVE your song Cali Cali Cali!!
that. is. disgusting. faux bacon syrup?
Mason in command half way through the 3rd... 40 to 28
Photo shoot time!!!! :)
Ughh! I Had To start On My Twitter! This Is My New One! Tell People To Follow Mee!(: Thankss
I actually thought that same thing.
Beware the shiny infographic!
Sis! I'm going to be casting for new #DSix series -- includes a tour & shooting with RT! RT!
next person that tells me Joe Flacco sucks and we should get rid of him I'm b**** slapping in the face
No grave could hold the King; His powr no stone could keep-He broke the chains of death with victory!...great song 4 today by
Ailes is an ass!
Good moring, what are you doing today ? :)
What a PERFECT day for a rally on the mall
FORECLOSURES ARE DOWN IN THIS COUNTRY. NOW IS THE TIME TO BUY REAL ESTATE AT THE LOWEST PRICE. NEXT YEAR, PRICES WILL BE UP BY 30 PERCENT
lol, seems more appropriate.
that tweet is only allowed if its ironic and sadly it's not.
how hard is it? And it's cuz community college is easier and cheaper to do. What your college cheap?
The "I Want You Back" trend kindda reminds me of Cher Lloyd's song.
There you go : )
Get a can of compressed air, prolly has dust in it! And I need one too, I'm tired of my POS comp hahaha
...and he needs to learn how to text
One of our upcoming music videos is going to be huge. We're going for that #1spot with on this 1.
I rather the iphone I've had so many problems with my blackberry I went thru 3 in the past 2 months
MT " Mass. politics stat of the day: Scott Brown and Elizabeth Warren both have more cash on hand (as of 3/31) than Mitt Romney"
Who wants to go back to #Lehigh on Sunday and watch the game from Leon's?
OMG THIS VACATION IS MAKING ME WANT TO DRINK.
My daughter is in route, she'll b here in a few hrs! :-)
Up and coming bands: follow me, tell me where I can find your music, and I might (probably) recommend you and get others to do likewise
Leaving in the a.m for the Dove's whose going?
Good Morning BFF's
The odds of being born male are about 51.2%, according to census.
Happy trigger, medium girl, personality traitor, antibionics, cuddlesome, idiot armor, Lou Robinson: never revenge, never regret.
Scheduled? You don't have to schedule an oil change at Express Lube. We can service most vehicles in 20 minutes.
wuts up keith
It's Just Begun, Apache and Sex Machine!
Aww...Thanks! He's just lucky I have my followers to make that overall reach much larger than if it were just him alone.
is one of the most creative and unique local artists in Milwaukee! Love all her creations!! Proud to be a follower!
wow what?
It won't be easy. We'll have to fight to make #wa4m pass. Biggest factor will be the gov race. McKenna will still be way popular.
Vegan sloppy joes for dinner yummy!
Ugh , Tired & Right Hand Feels Broke Along With My Wrist ☹
Please take a minute to "like" ICE LLC on facebook: www.facebook.com/engagingart
we just left Brothers
Care for some tapas, cocktails and picadas? Search no more! Happy hour is about to start! Enjoy them all for $5 from 5pm to 8pm!
Having my Ketel then off to for #fflv! Buy art from local artists-it will make you happy!
I really fucking hate like guys.
Watching Star Trek, The Wrath of Khan :)
Avoid going to the mall! here is a great christmas gift for harley owner. www.darksideshields.com
Dreesen said he told Eric Pears he would one day be a Bronco.
I Love Liz Gillies Like Jade West Loves Scissors.
I bet you already did!
my kitteh is so damn cute when he sleeps on me e snuggles
i think im sprouting...
Girls who do stuff like put "* your boyfriends "* as there location are wack.
What time is it? It's lunch time baby! Come in for a delicious treat at the B!
Oregon for the kush cause boy I know there's plenty here.
LOL Still learning this gizmo, forgive ME for my missteps. Like can Kanye see this message?
Finishing the week up with Jeanette HS in the morning. See you there.
Get down here for lunch; we've got Kashmir Chicken Stew and Fire Roasted Tomato w/ Cheesy Croutons!
that's some sound advice
Just got home.. I have the biggest headache right now.
How are things ? Long time no talk. How are your scripts coming? Do you have any television bibles in the works?
it hella boring what the family doing
yes and I 'so happen' to bump into him (;
its geting worse by the second
Yeah, well we're not making that mistake twice.
Good Morning Good Morning! I hope everyone has a beautiful lovely day!
SHES GOT A LOVE LIKE WOE
hi, hi! I've been a little scarce lately too and missing the conversation!
New fave song = Scared of Lonely Even though its old
Happy #CincoDeMayo ! hope u do somethi g fun (me an my fam always do!)
“: Fowler stepped out of Almost Famous. Drummer for Stillwater?” no interest b4 but w/that reference, tuning in
Cruisin through the caribbean with the fam, be back next week. Have a great new year everybody.
easily annoyed lol
Found out what 'as hard as a rock' literally means with my rear end
how's the event going? Is EMFR there?
Mars Curiosity was my first non-human spaceflight launch. #MSL Still very emotional. I'm privileged to be so close to greatness.
Wonder how many who ran Petersen this weekend will show up at tonight's group run in Forest Park?
I wanna see the lucky one! Anyone wanna go (;
The painting: a little girl in a blue skirt holding a beach ball over her head. Thanks, Syndicated TV Hive Mind!
I always thought including the logos on print/tv/outdoor pieces is a waste of time and showed lack of understanding maybe i'm wrong
RT get me one too. ": Needa blunt man"
At mitchel international, waiting to board our plane. Vegas baby!
If y'all make it to the HOPE market, be sure and introduce yourselves... >:o) --bryce
“: True love is like a pair of socks you gotta have two and they've gotta match<3”. So true!:)
Leather Co. on Southland?
Dam I wish I was chopped right now just be chillin chopped and listening to sum music but shit I'm chillin watchin how high
BET! RT : Yo When You Get To Work You Gonna Have Something On Your #ToDoList! Lol S|O's V100 & Allure..
The Shins...well done! Best musical guest performance in awhile. Can't wait to see them at Bonnaroo.
aha I am wrong indeed if that is the case. Sorry to group you w the proletariat.
Work today.
just watched the anniversary ep of ice loves coco. Where is my Ice? I can't wait to find him. And yes, my pic is my Coco costume
Designing a Tumblr theme
Im Bored And Im Trying To KEEP Myself From Falling Asleep
Does she know about the times u used to hold me wrapped me in ur arms and how u told me im the only one...u had the BEST days of ur life
I'm the TOPFLIGHT bitch, ride or die, I know u wanna slice of my pie. I'm all bout dis PAPER GAME, now get yo butt naked ass up, SALUTE!
trinamahone <<--- FOLLOW HER !! ASK A FOLLOWBACK AND GET TA KNOW HER BETTA!! ♥
Paul Pierce block!
Rowing: Gonzaga beats St. Albans to claim Foley Cup - Washington Post
Lookz like we're gunna make it!
playing USC alum-made game, The Misadventures of PB Winterbottom on the Xbox. Pie and time travel for dessert.
took math homework and a book to the meet today....did a little homework and then was like "screw this ish" and forgot about it haha
I want candy- mc chris
The devil is always busy...try not to give him any of ur time or attention,cus time is valuble
"credit wipe out" is my new fav of the series. love.
You aren't in LA now, are you? PS - I still owe you lunch ;)
Guns + Junior Seau = Steroids, R.I.P Buddy
“: Last thing I read guesses a 10/15/11 launch date for the iPhone 5. Still nothing official.”
just pulled up to Sonic, & the lady goes "welcome to Burger King" FAIL.
I like how earlier today I was all I wanna watch jumanji and now its on netflix;D
Indeed! Where can I get one?
It's otay. Where did you guys hike? :)
Wash me clean from my guilt. Purify me from my sin. (Psalm 51:2 NLT)
she call me papi and i say ven aquí
AOL: Advertisers willing to pay premium prices for premium content.
yes, make it interactive, build relationships, be a face rather than anon logo. Driving but I'll send best practice articles later!
Bitches really be out there fckn the homies homies huh? I wish ppl would put these hoes on blast so I can point n laugh.
RT : Have you gotten the iOS app yet? Let us know what you think!
The fact that my boyfriend has seen The Vow more than I have <<<
That would work for me :)
Catch Sherlock Holmes this weekend at the Varsity Theatre 9pm on Friday, 7 & 10pm on Saturday. Tickets are just $2 with your MUID!
But solid food is for the mature, who by constant use have trained themselves to distinguish good from evil. -Hebrews 5:14
I'm going to say it was over disagreements of religious beliefs
aw what's in the box??
DC farmer's market on wheels just got pulled over by cops in Mt. Pleasant b/c the driver looked 2 be double-parked while picking up a pizza
Relax and enjoy tomorrow! We got this! It's gonna be a great day to be a Cat fan.
If you run and your arms don't move, odds are in favor of that you run like a penguin.
i wanna see itt! :)
Happy Halloween! Everyone please be safe
Health Tips: Lower your anti-nutrition intake and trash the chips!
Deaf, dumb and blind. "I get money"
Thanks Shelley! :-)
Michael jordan Airfare * Shoes for Football | Sharing Reviews ...
Great fun with the ladies of Hopewell Baptist (Monroe). Great surprise and gift ~ guest speaker Phyllis Foy knew Marks mom!
bars son straight bars lol
Big thanks to all that came out and Todd 4 hosting!
its the "first day of spring" in tucson and it snowed . . .
I have been goin around spreading the news about and ppl actually listened to me, it seems like they want to help!
anything but PennState
Budget now on House floor. Conway says $250 million in new revenue needed.
“: “: Over or under Kobe with 28 shot attempts?” <-- over.” WAY Over!!!
The perfect cure for stress is Faith!
Hello too... have you follow me back already? ^^RT Hello New Follower:D
RT : Q7: when attending performance show, do u attend known companies or smaller?
Noticing dutch bikes r designed w/ higher handle bars so riders can sit up str8. So much better 4 the back, then t sport models u find in US
Sorry I've been watching the office a lot lately haha stole that one.
You are an idiot, Edler.
Agreed. Thanks so much for the RT.
don't be a dumbass
stalking & checking & snooping >:| aint cool it just shows how insacure you are.
All you gotta do is go to the store and by a carton of eggs, then you have 12 chickens! - //
Do like some random song or something. ;) Follow me?
#hungry...I want a teriyaki bowl with some crab ragoon...can you make it happen ??? lol
theyre trying to download indesign fonts on the new imac or whatever
If you can give your students agency, I'll take a side of it.
See you soon!!
Yes, the world is small. I love it!
Don't you just love when babies hold your finger with their whole hand.
When I was 15, I only read Beat authors and only listened to Velvet Underground. The only word to describe me in that year: twat.
President could call defunding: "The Tucker Rule"
Speaking to a great group of Harvard MBAs tomorrow morning.
check out my new novel Vanilla's Ladies with the sexy on the front cover. free preview on my blog x
Seven just lost half it's members...
Alright let's go Green Bay!!
Ashlyn and her friends are now exercising with Alison... too funny
Some text or tweet me im so dang bored
Feeling wonderful. Just dandy. Peachy.
I love hearing speak her mind without the cue cards ♥ the Fox interviews are perfection!
Why am I losing followers. I should be gaining them, after all it is #FF!
Me!!!!!! Have any Milkduds handy?
apparently the multivitamins i bought have horny goat weed in them. This will be good.
marketingdomination.blogspot.com i need an attorney, so i can put u on the 1st page of Google in ur local area for ur most searched terms
It snowing out again need to move somewhere warm
Writing w/ Trevor Thornton this morning!
you rock! Awesome session on Moms vs Mgmt today! Fun and inspiring! Hope you enjoyed the margaritas! Lets hang out sometime!
Having heart to hearts with my mommy >>> 
I'm at rabbit club with and we're talking.
Donated over 24 older Toshiba laptops to #salvationarmy, all with Wi-Fi, DVD and tons of other goodies! I hope it helps someone, somewhere.
Willie B what's good!
I do not understand hoarding!
Yesterday I learned a lesson that's sinking in: Sometimes you can't redeem yourself you just have to let go. I'm becoming a grownup!
check out the great music on www.livefromdarylshouse.com ! epic collaborations
lol I have to keep up with you guys....Going away for 2 days but its business.
Pete Larish?": Chooch > that stiff they signed years ago as free agent from Detroit that I can't remember his name"
Fareed! You back in Miami?
oh my god. Do you get an iPhone now?!
you're the woman.
"When you own your breath, nobody can steal your peace." ~Author Unknown... JUST KEEP BREATHING & have an incredibly amazing week. :)
Congrats to Weston! Winner of the "Name the Eight" raffle!
Fuuuckkk, I did NOT miss this shit!
It's too bad h8ers dont get its a person on the other end of that tweet. #PackerNation loves you, and wants 2cu domin8 in '11
sonic route 44 sweet tea hell yeah
Stop sulking Frank.
because I am graduating from the Institute for Integrative Nutrition today and can recommend them to my clients!
Wouldn't you rather have the chance for Kentucky to knock off the #2 team in the country?
Feel free to text me words of encouragement while I get these projects done.
Oh Yes! I am sorry I have not responded, I was gathering performers for you. You should hear from Penelope Rose soon. : )
I've NEVER sleep walked before! It just suddenly happened after me & my cousin started having paranormal experiences.. /:
Just arrivied in Indy. The IndyGo express bus is cheap ($7.00) fast and the way to get to the hotel.
Watching Breaking Dawn With Jordennn((:
FRIDAY!! - PARTY FOUL!! - DEATH TO THE THRONE!! - CUTSWELL!! - GONNA BE NUTS!! WE GONNA GET NASTY!!!
Have patience when dating. Sometimes you have to slay some dragons before you get to the princess.
Stay tuned for more US #Twitter contests on the 7th of every month in the
Thanks -- we are looking forward to reading your tweets too!
is always a good choice to start off the morning!
I am interested in a group coaching call. I am a first year attorney doing medical malpractice defense in Boston, MA.
Get tickets online until 5pm today or at the door for the last 2 performances of FREAKSHOW! Tonight and tomorrow!
Demise is discussing a #Transportation #Taskforce - a way to save money and collaborate between schools.
whats up everyone
LOL. Luckily for Barbara, Katharine wasn't like, "What kind of stupid question is that?"
I step over piranhas
I'm slow, lol
#AskRyan what is ur favorite kind of cheese!? :D
Damn Near 3am, & Im Up Fucking Arguing.
Love can transform the most commonplace into beauty and splendor and sweetness and grace. ~ Helen Steiner Rice
#nehvectors Wendy Cheng et al People's Guide to LA maps sites of organizing and resistance. Xlnt follow-on to Matt Damon's racial Philly
I've gotten a lot better at licking ice cream... I wonder why! Haha
16 and pregnant(:
I should have invested more in GOLD.... #20/20Hindsight
When anyone but #oomf tries to talk to me... Go away.
Happy holidays from all of us at Echo!
God I love oldies.
thanks babe
Lancaster... Reminds me of Sacramento hot summers. Shout out to my NorCal folks.
Fuck you right back
#askObama What is the government doing to cede innovation to start small business.
Are you going to #CODiE12 #SIIA in San Francisco? Have lunch plans 5/7?
All the Mister Moms who handle both parental roles..YOU'RE special too..."Come on doooowwwwnnnn"
Yes, I was going to mention that should you SEE my face while you're cleaning up, let me know. :) thanks!
Lines are more or less the same as they were Wednesday. At this point, you know it or you don't.
We're having a free health screening today at #1525NewtonStNW #DC as well as breakfast at 9:30! See someone in need? Pls tell them!
Rest/recovery day for me! Heading to church and then hanging out with my wonderful husband today!
Need video of arrest incident yesterday around 44th & Lex - many journos there documenting brutality, please DM any info
for sure
Talent show canceled.......
Touchdown Wisconsin!
Just another reason why I don't give out glassware. Selling Pepsi and Iced Tea out of the never increases my beer sales.
Tweet me a number and I will rate you !
Damn Dallas.....
Not in an election year RT Will #Obama be forced to respond to violent crackdown on #Zucotti Park?
that's good to hear. Thank you once again :)
I currently have no concerts scheduled until mid-July. Have a feeling that probably won't last.
there's no age limit so don't write it off! It changed my life.
Wasn't how I expected it to be.
In the bus on my way to gradventure with montalvo and otero :p
welcome to twitter Ms. Ellsworth ;)
Can&#39;t Buy Me Love: Moms Really Looking for Quality Time This Mother&#39;s Day
Seems that the two are clearly linked. Even if the farmer didn't realize it at the time.
Great panel #ewa2011 on higher ed cuts. LSU prez says open access and college for all is a thing of the past
can a "disruptive" force get something done? RT : So do change champions need to come from outside of the company?
Indeed. Try Mother's Day with a Scoutmob spin: Hank's Oyster Bar, Comet Ping Pong, Le Chat Noir & Panache.
Bieber is the poor man's JT.
Hi Sara...happy new year and thanks for the RT. Hope your holidays were good.
good morning gerry;) how are u my friend??
Check out ' resource about the IRS' revocation of certain NPS' tax-exempt status.
It's GORGEOUS!! Happy Mothers Day!!!
Omg Susan is leaving.
makin mama proud, you hot thing
thanks! more tracks are in the works
Go follow she follows back! c; ♥
I love that is always on twitter. He probably won't see this, but if he does...... Hello there. How are you?
I only break out my Cookie Monster impression if a date is going terribly or really well.
#Celtics fan forever we won lakers lost.
I hate a sneezes that even surprise yourself haha
probably the worst idea I've ever had was trying to fit that last thought into a 140 character tweet...
I'm glad to know someone else reacts the same way I always have.
we blew it on fourth down defense, ramos lets the ball hit him on kickoff smh...
Every generation imagines itself to be more intelligent than the one that went before it, and wiser than the one that comes after it.
I think this beard has got to go.
your comment belittles the efforts, skills and intellect of these elite athletes
well when we rode by yhu wasnt and wattup wit the -----> !!!
Our time?
Om gosh! My ringtone just scared the crap out of me, its my sister singing bitch(:
Headed to JD Legends in Nicholasville KY to play on the patio 7-10 with Kristi Miller. Come hang out w/ us-BH
turned battle rap into a sport... only the strong survive!!! url needs a gatorade commercial!!!
EDIT: The ONLY good thing about #NBA playoffs RT No joke, the single best thing about the NBA playoffs is Chris Bosh's video bombs.
I think for him to quit Florida and then take the OSU job is so dumb. Who knows what's going to happen with them!
Rao's Coffee with be available on the shelves at Big Y stores as of Monday, May 14. Enjoy!
The bookstore that ate my life: finished processing returns ... for today.
Oh, why cant i have a guy like you?
Gotta go with Torrey Smith, he's been the more reliable fantasy option lately and is the bigger TD threat.
Thanks to all who came out tonight!
well yeah I'm down them👏
Doesn't ??? RT : PS: Brandon Jennings..... NO ONE WANTS YOUR SHOES.
Got a B in basically every subject. ew
what's up?
EIther a club or a lil lounge...Not sure yet...Or maybe even the strip joint:-)
Agreed! RT : Polish less, publish more. Expose you ideas to the world & see if they fail or flourish. Quit chasing perfect.
Twitter web designers should seek for pixel-level perfection. Pixel shakes when switching between tweets in my IE8, a browser not that bad..
THURSDAY~ $2 All Bottles, $3 Call Drinks, $3 Shots and $5 Bombs! Showing all NCAA games all day long!
Welcome to
"60 bar instrumental break" is shorthand for "this should never have even been considered as a karaoke song."
can't wait for lizard lick to come back on in June so I can be living that lick life :-)
sparklyrebel98 would greatly appreciate a hello :) she thinks your adorable
Can I watch The Hangover before bed?
I wanna be on broadway.
me too vacation:D I'm good.thanks!
that's sweet of you. Always thoughtful. I'm around... Still at 6143480760 :)
Chicken livers at the Pulloman in Kirkwood. Trust me.
Drupal 101 sets the bar- the class will be past the "I suck" bar by the time the class is over!
“: Damn it!! Just text each other!!”
Cheese--milk's leap towards immortality. Clifton Fadiman
Happy birthday Tony Parker only 30 years old! haha
We have ourselves a game!!! Great pass, Mr. Brady
Pastor Cara did a fine sermon this morning lamenting #gc2012. Very personal and reflective.
Good things come to those who wait, but great things come to those who go out there and get it.
thanks, hadn't gotten around to reading it yet.
Sexy sax man on America's got talent. Reminds me of
about 20 feet down the hall....lol
So now you're gonna lick and fuck it? Hahahaha sorry. I'm just giving you a hard time.
Demos' with my best friend <3
well asked for one.
haha! It also had snake surfing! it's better than Ghosts of Mars... Which I seem to watch all the time despite my complaining!
The woman in black with
Man, I liked the Barves when they were still in Boston. Someone get me a Pabst and a fixie. We're occupying The Ted.
m, that is a good one. also reminded me of Deusenberg's in Catonsville.
Does Arizona hate people or just people that think for themselves?
Headed to #sxsw. Time to start tweeting every 5 seconds.
"Life is the dancer & you are the dance" - a new earth, eckhart tolle
They had to write min.1x a week on something class related but then on anything they wanted - they did poetry, stories, art, photos
you right about but #remember everybody aint honest
I'm doing fine, thanks. Happy Mother's Day to your Wife & Mom! There is a Blockbuster Guest on CNN's "P Morgan Tonight" on Mon
Rep. Jim Jordan, chair of the Republican Study Committee (RSC), was the special guest speaker at the Carmel YR meeting.
Livestreaming the Pollinator Partnership presentations today! Be sure to check for the archived videos soon coming to NMNH's iTunes U!
Sufjan was performing at the Chicago Theater last weekend. I am SO sad it was sold out!
the glass castle.
Getting ready for tomorrow's Food Makers Group in
Remember when we were kids and couldn't wait to grow up...what the hell were we thinking?
Ugh monsoon. Glad I put less than zero effort into my hair this morning.
Exactly, so good!
Part 2 on Navigating the Casual Dating Relationship forthcoming this afternoon.
How are ya on this beautiful Friday morning?!
Shopping in Boston has been fun...so fun that I will be playing a game on how much I can get in my suitcases w/out breaking the zipper?
With all the sunshine, this definitely counts as a patio friendly day! Stop in for some lunch in the sun or drinks on the patio after work.
just released a video for the winefolly blog... and am working on a couple of more nuggets for vday week.
hey Zack. How are you? I miss talking to you.
it's A LOT of people. You'd be surprised.
Pig hearts
Thanks for RT about 1820 census error.
God must love me right now...
i went into Long John Silvers and i can't get a job there not only for my face piercings(expected), but for my arm tat! WTF
What I should really get into is the "" button on twitter. I just now saw your message. I have a long way to go here
If you think you could never kill another human being, you haven't met enough people
WHAT THE HAIL?! must....wait..... 2 more hours adsfkjahskuldeg
Crazy week so far! So excited for the opportunities coming my way. Feeling blessed!
This is great, Steve, thank you. Make you #think!
But last time the Yankees started 0-3 was '98, when they finished 114-48 and beat San Diego in the World Series. What, me worry?
If They love it I dont
Enjoy many sports but this college b-ball season has me primed for #MarchMadness - 10x better than the BCS - agrees!
Looking for an #earthday volunteer opportunity? Lend a hand at the MHFH ReStore #Recycling drive on 04/22. Call 414/257-9078 for details
Starting God of War 2.
Create n me a pure heart, O God, and renew a steadfast spirit within me. Do not cast me from your presence or take your Holy Spirit from me
Who built the Empire state?
#Suckerpunch just gave the term "dance battle" a whole new meaning.
So happy that Orlando won!
perfect dinner and now let's celebrate the new year! Xo
should come to my graduation. I'm sending you an invite in the mail. #immaneedagraduationgiftthoug #maybeasliceofthatass ?? :D
Its seems like niggas is catchin that PV disease...damn bro just cause yuh you in love wit it don't mean you gotta turn into it
my friend has one of those classes(: oh and Alex. I'm making a video for you and !!!!!! Dm me?
What were some of your best or worst instruction sessions or reference questions if you don't teach?
Faith helps us see and do things differently because our substance is being transformed.
Thanks for chatting with us tonight at BDW. Really enjoyed hearing about your UX adventures at AKQA.
- restaurant seen at the beach last weekend "Saketumi"
Happy 16th Birthday you're a inspiration & I hope you have a great day!!! (My 16 BDay was on March 29 so I'm 6 days older:)
No more finals!!!
Atty for David Westerfield, the death row inmate who murdered Danielle van Dam, files first appeal, 9 years after Westerfield's conviction.
Oh ok. That name sounds familiar.
Thank you so much, your support is valued!
.ill die for you, get down for you. Do Anything you Want me to<3
It seems some the students of Columbia College are so willing to criticize and so resistant to do some actual research on their own.
i don't think can be any more adorable
really, Arrowhead water? Lol
Weather data is now being returned in SimpleGeo Context queries. We apologize for any inconvenience we may have caused.
1 part down, 4 workshops to go! So far so good...
Robbie Gould doing "Take Me Out To The Ball Game" off the top of his head. Making only minor mistakes with lyrics. Style, really.
Good luck out there tomorrow!! Let's go up 2-0!!
Hallway Hijinks with He's in a fishbowl.
#7: Involve key stakeholders in the process. Important to establish a mtg schedule for #CRM needs. You can determine program pilots.
help me gain followers please! xoxo much love.
hell yeah
RT Ms6inchHeelz: What do u consider cheating «Looking for cheats for Grand Theft Auto & Call of Duty on PS3.
Don’t run to me just because you couldn’t make it work with someone else. I’m not a back up plan ..
Travis Pastrana is so good at BMX too. Can't wait till I can do that stuff.
Vegas we have 7 more days of the Durango HS Shoe Drive. Drop ur used athletic shoes off or
OFF THE BUS. I can recommend the 36 to Friendship Heights if you have 2 hrs & 3 min to kill. Plenty of seats, minimal odors, good vistas.
Ahahahahahaha he was pied:D
just prayed for South Sudan leaders. Thanks Carl for all you do.
Hot and hazy on the island...
That's great!! Good luck!!!
RT : friendly as hoes... THAT'S THAT SHIT I DON'T LIKE.
Wow...have gone without internet for how long? That's what I get for living in a house with crappy electricity in the Midwest...
we can hang out all day but i cant spend the night?? Wtf??? Really!?
Even when I look good I still dont look good.
Who has no arms, no legs and sits in front of your door? . . . Matt
Jolly Rancher twosomes are amazing lol
Rock those fist pumps! We love the Jersey Shore guys!
Girl This Store ! Got Some Bad Ass Sunglasses Boa . .
I'm convinced that Obama is a caped crusader at night...right?
Bitch.. I'm soo cool I trip up stairs..
check out this cool online station, UNregular Radio
Flesh colored leggings - need em!
You need a golden calculator to diviiiideee.
Rise and shine
Many Who Pose in Facebook as and !! I Hate The Fakes of Facebook ¬¬
O.O! Charlie Rhodes & Ivy Dickens = 2 bitches...
If you interviewed on November 28, 30, December 5 or 7, you will receive an admission decision by Friday, December 16!!
just be careful out there
what? Lol All I know is when I asked what that was he laughed hysterically
New Magazine site is looking good, stop by and join, give-aways will be coming at the end of the month to followers. www.stliving.com
Semifinals of National Spelling Bee are on. Being from WI can be a bummer, Waunakee's Parker Dietry is the last speller.
I think I'll wear my red sweater today....it's 30, and they say there's more 'weather' on it's way! I hope that groundhog got it right.
I do not envy executing in a hurricane. Best of luck, I'm sad to be missing the chaos!
is coughing... too much rain on saturday night?
Welcome to the Tweeter!
Enjoying an extra nite with (my Betsy)!
Am not fighting; am disagreeing with ur logic & contributing to dialog on team I love & bad mgmnt
I'm about to hit Portland...I'll be back tomorrow
me to!! Yayayaya you gotta see flacheecha now! She's grown up!
honestly..that 08 darkness is the champ
Aladdin eventually joined a small Anti-Israel terrorist splinter cell and went to prison. He now owns a Bazaar in Syria.
#TNSteeplechase Just remember to drive safe today Nashville DUI officers will be out after the race .
better tell me what's happening???
Thanks for the follow! We look forward to talking trees with you!
thank you 😊
Congrats on selling your scooter!
No problem!(:
2 hours of NAPOLEON down. 3.5 hours and two intermissions left to go. World not conquered yet
It's like being in a car going through the car wash.
miss you bo!!!
i wish you would follow me!(:
Right?!! RT : Ha ha! "How did we live before Twitter?"
Power yoga in the morning with animal walking is so intense
the world could be fixed of its problems if every child understood the necessity of their existence
Well, that pretty much gives it away right there.
We're a non-prof which teaches underrepresented youth to code. Would like to chat w/ you about Thx!
I haven't heard anything yet. Hey, NBC, we'll trade you The Office for Parks & Rec!
have fun fucker
cusses?! WHAT THE FUCK?!
Margaret Cashill from the Tampa Bay Business Journal thought I was 10 years younger than I am. Love Her!!!!
ILL WILL! : #vsa2011 if a hotel has awful 3G signal, does charging for wifi result in more a) revenue or b) irritation/ill will?
go-head..get loud!
WiFi at McCarran - not the best.
looks like bron did the same thing fam were down 18 smh we good tho its a small thing to a giant
wow can u add me on facebook at
Hey Barnes....you are a lottery pick...play like it!!!!!!!!
About to go cook !
Thank you so much for the list love! :)
lol well no, but get that annoyed look on my face, i be in the middle of stuff and moms just says the same things over n over
Week 1 is like christmas.
and even tho we let it go it's better u know I still got it for you
I really do not feel like working today.
damn right it is shaved legs that's enough said!
an absolute shame. Is world on a fast track to Idiocracy or what?
Thank you for including as one of your favorite things! Merry Christmas!
everytime i step out of the damn bed someone telling to stay in bed wtf !
no he got a bat man hairline it aint as bad as gerald henderson
After yrs of being nice 2 idiots & taking them step/by/step holding their adult baby hands; showing them their stupidity, they perpetuate it
You too Sheri!!
#LSCON education trains us to find 1 homogenous solution, but where do we teach creativity?
ok cool! Makes more sense when you sing it. Appreciate that! Awesome job on The Late Show brotha man
I’m done being sad over you. I have enough stress without you adding to it and I won’t let you be the reason for my tears.
What's up prophyte?! Just trying to make it mayne!
dang!!!! Lol shoot I'm getting skinny! Not fast enough tho help a ninja out!
"Don't put off living to next week, next month, next year or next decade. The only time you're ever living is in this moment."
Running scared is on such a great movie
Drink specials sound great! Go Bucky - Buck Furled!
photo shoot pictures won't be up until we choose one(: and we actually are recording a whole new album for specific reasons..
hell yes I do!!
Thanks for following!!!!!
LINCOLN HIGH IN SAN JOSE. JUST SAYIN:)
These guys are terrible and so is Puffy or Diddy or whoever he is this week.
Folgno's going to go a period without a goal? Stiff
starting monday
you said if i followed thebieberbear you world get me 80 followers
English AP test tommorow and this. Great.. AWESOME
I think I'm in love!!!! Lol jk
Ugh. I was comfortable for a minute so I was sticking with hockey. What the eff happened?
A Team LOL RT Seriously I been working at the y for the past 4 summers this makes 5 Smh!! But I love it!
the only thing saving me this morning is caffeine and a chocolate doughnut.
Can't you talk to Deborah Treisman and straighten this out? :) At least schedule is nearly 3 weeks. What r u going to c?
Awh!!! You KNEW that already!!! In a satellite meeting with Cathay Pacific moment, DaDa! Will call you after k. X
I would soo support you:)
Revenge is like the sweetest joy next to gettn p***y... #2Pac voice
Hahah though I love the look of a nice pair of Pumas, I prefer Nike when it comes to running shoes!
Another day of great weather in NYC. Today calls for some ice cream, where should we go? Has anyone been to the Brooklyn Ice Cream Factory?
I hate waking up in the middle of the night feeling like something just happened. It makes me soo paranoid.
will you be at the franchises session in the ballroom? Would love to see you and say hi.
HAH. Feeling pretty pleased with myself bc I managed to find what seems to be the ONLY tattoo/piercing place in all of DTLA (FYI 7th & Main)
I get why youtube makes me watch commercials, but when I'm waiting to see a trailer, I'm watching a commercial to see a commercial.
Riding the bike this morning was a failure... got 5 blocks from my house before I realized both tires were flat! :/
I know the feeling~be with me just bcuz I'm ME ;)
Hope you enjoyed the evening! If you have any great pics, post on our Facebook page!
You're missing out.
I want
MY BABY IS COMING HOME TOMORROW!!
TODAY: reveals the treasures discovered spelunking in 's Photo Archive. bit.ly/nOqlyd
I have to hand it to ya i would never punch a fire extinguisher
just made me run in the cold rain with him. Neither one of us are avid runners...
You are tweeting so I am hoping you are well after the Huskie charge. That was quite the workout. Take care. cc:
Exam time! Examine away my little students!
I was just thinking the same thing... anything is possible.. lets make the impossible possible
Happy 4th! switching to CTone Latin Jazz
Hint: being required to go to unexpected lecture on stress management, increases stress in those that previously weren't.
hi my gorgeous girls!!!!
Agreed! STUNNING. Perfect dress for her. RT : Octavia Spencer is simply stunning in Tadashi Shoji
did so good!
you are my idol and i love you so much. you've taught me to be fierce and confident. and even how to smize :) i hope you see this
That's awesome. Can you send me the link? I knew had an ace up his sleeve.
I finally fit into my camo pants!!! My goal has been reached, I'm skinny again!
omg! me and my sisters and grandma are trapped in the storm!! it came out of no where!!! ah!!!!!!
Thanks for the follow! Happy Friday.
I love the episode of Misfits with Sam Keeley. He's so fit!
Feel like crap./: ugh.
Because Gil Scott Heron says so?
Sorry for the downtime. I will ping back as soon as it's fixed.
#winstonsalem council sets public hearing for almost $3 million in new public debt to pay for repairs to fire depts, sidewalks, rec facils
Looking for #Sexy #Men to #FollowMe and #Sexy #Ladies too . . . love #Music #Sex and #Men, how 'bout u?
you told us to come here for news about operations but no news for a month and your servers are down. 2nd morning in a row.
even if i popped some pills i wouldnt tap that (: lmao
I'm watching with a short delay so we'll sometimes hear yells from the guy downstairs. It's rather funny.
I want it to be friday. These week feels long it only tuesday!
nice!!! Think I'll join!
Best day&#39;s testing&#39; for rookie Vergne
no pit but really good seats!
Going better all of the time, new corp marketing VP (Jeff Lavers) BIG on SM although change is slower than it could be
#marchmadness RT: Colorado beats UNLV in round 1, missing the Pac12 memo stating the conference has moved on to baseball season.
Halestorm is going to be HUGE! Not only can Lzzy sing her ass off but she can burn up that guitar!
What's good I'm down to do a track send me a beat, I'll DM you my e-mail.
How do we take advantage of the great stories? MarieStuder
Over 50 of you have joined us in this week alone! The increase BatteryPower is seeing is just incredible, thank you all!
yea yea yea...like many ppl say, im like benjamin button.lol
People ask me how I'm always so calm. Basically, I decide not to freak out and stick with it.
no doubt! Just switched to watching the Indy Indians, and there is a pitching duel going on! 6 consecutive strikoeouts!
Getting out from in front of the computer and off to the kitchen. It's time to bake the brownies.
ID Greatness: The experience is vivid & authentic, with opportunities to practice, to THINK about and DO something. Via
DIRT founder plans road track, half-mile oval in Hastings
If you didnt see it with your own eyes or hear it with your own ears don't invent it with your small mind & share it with your big mouth
A Slightly Unattractive Life
Now is the time to experience Cuba. Join us for the Havana Biennial May 7 – 12. The April 6 deadline is fast approaching....
Too much time for Orton
Would like to know how much the S&P #downgrade was based on overall US #debt and how much was based on concerns re US govt decision making.
People with goals succeed because they know where they are going.. It's as simple as that. Earl Nightingale
I had a ? 4 the reprace. If ur over 18 to play younger do you target the youth division agents or adult division agents?
eatin ice cream cake
When does it start?
When asking our kids how they can show leadership one friend said "you can help someone up when they fall on the playground"
I'm glad we all agree that "Reckoner" is Radiohead's best song. Wait, we do, right?
Hi! For those of you here, that have me on myspace, i will let you know, that i had to cancel my account, and start over due to these nasty
a running store in cincinnati
soon man... Unfortunately my MacBook got water spilt on it and it's a little iffy so Im tryin to get it to a better state
hey follow me i said beep!!! im on one
I wish I knew ... but so much depends on the client's background, search strategy and targets as well as resume
Stop by your nearest #PeoplesFlowerShop by 4 p.m. today and get a FREE #Bridgewater candle and FREE flower! (505) 884-1600
I know killed his show tonight.
me too! It was a reaction to meds... At least I know not to do that again - ugh
Ok prob in June cool ": "please : Imma take my cousin on a trip so she can relax for a few days..""
Twisted Tap tonight Bowling Green!
so come back to New York :-)
Hahahahaha! is not going to get this convo at all. We just covered prog rock and 80's prom music so far.
Can I have a cup of the 'Chicken Dye-Jon' soup please?
There's a sparrow outside my window eating an M&M.
okay she said she's not in the house and hung up... Where the hell???!
At a point where I know it is best to take my friends advise even though my heart it begging me not to.
D3 Legal extending good luck wishes today to M.M., C.L. and R.W.! Also, heartfelt D3 congrats to A.C. & V.F-C.!
looks like your account may have been hacked!
Thanks Aakash, for setting u0p a great meeting!
FEATURES: BlackBerry 10: 5 features we find really interesting
I just found out where you're performing in MD. I'll be there :-)
God Bless and be safe Gio!
Bring Back Ringer 19
In all honesty, I believe the Nuggets can upset the Lakers.
if there was someone in my room i hated they wouldnt be in my room in the first place lol :)
Cops say man steals crab legs from Tops in Canandaigua then leads cops on slow speed chase. They catch him & the crab legs in Bushnells Bas.
: Balmy #ww cheers! Hope it stays that way for New Year's fun this weekend!
Kentucky hasn't missed a shot in 9 minutes.
And the new president is basically just living with his girlfriend, who is now First Lady of France. Crazy French people.
ok cool!
I just hate when someone abuses their timeline. I know that sometimes you have something to promote but 100's of tweets in one day, NO!
Sorry Ken, but i cannot open this page...don't know why
If a girl can put up with you through your worst days, and still stick with you and your mistakes, then you shouldn't let her go
Happy birthday to WHIRL Magazine, celebrating 10 years!
what do you need Craig?
The weather is amazing today
Lunch at #CrispAndJuicy, now spending afternoon working from in #Cherrydale. I love #Arlington !
Seoul's Incheon International Airport named the world's best - GlobalPost
4 days left...hope everyone got costumes!
striking against the 8 hour work day of all things!
I am so ready for choir auditions :)
what have you been up to?
Happy Sunday Morning! Go pamper a Mom today!
2 tests on friday = not doin a darn thing on Sunday.
So your purpose is what you say it is. Your mission is the mission you give yourself. Your life will be what you create it, as and no one w…
And the #DCIrene fun has begun! Rain wind rain and only 24 or so more hours to go! Yeah.
Back in the classroom as an Ed Tech today...SMC game at 4...then I'd like to see everyone I know at $3 Dewey's. Thank God for this life!
Zumanity™,The Sensual Side of Cirque du Soleil Get your prefered seats book at www.myvegaspeople.com
Scary, but important for a successful biz owner--> Aim BIG!
Just got to baptize two people. So stoked to be a part of the Kingdom of God
Chilling with my friend alyssa, got tan at the pool, creepy kids hit on us there... Awk:(
Lake walk at coyote hour.
I love you ALL! ♥ I Cried When you guys made it! ♥ Follow back ? love LOVE you!!♥
All Beliebers if u love justin as Much as i do then Please follow Me I love justin so please follow me thanks!!!
I've developed a new philosophy... I only dread one day at a time.
I'm good... loving life here in S.A.
We are 5 rows behind the Cavs bench
Everyone takes smoke breaks while I eat cookies and milk.
Karma is a bitch eh Belechik?
unfortunately no, I am traveling thru the weekend
Oh, I have PLANS for you and me. PLANS. And I'll email them to you.
#ifiwereapet id be a monkey so i can be free n swing frm trees lol
lOOKING FOR A TENOR SAX PLAYER.......HAVE SEVERAL DATES CONFIRMED FOR MARCH..TXT OR CALL..623.204.4999
Hard fought first half. #atlanta_hawks not going down easily in key G6 road situation. #BostonCeltics 47 41 at Half.
Hmm... purring cat on my arm is a good thing.. ^_^
Thanks for my free bday rental ! Just picked up Crazy Stupid Love to watch tonight with
Work from home with a computer and phone, no experience necessary, Weekly pay! Call at 1:00PM EST 646 519 5860 Code: 64630#
The Clam Cannery is seeking submissions from artists! Our art gallery opens June 1st! Please contact
you might try letting your production speak for itself. Actions speak louder than Tweets.
Pro-tip: when submitting a paper to a repository, don't make it the Word doc with all the revision comments.
Mixed opinions on this winter's lack of snow. Thanks for the RTs, , and others..
Best part of puppet show according to adults' reactions: pointing at the hippo heinie to indicate "The End." Buncha sickos (hee hee!).
I love you ♥13
Im Always Up Chasing My #Dream !
How much would it cost me since he doesn't know me
Fucking giggle puff
bossman what is up
sicckkk! Hope is was on accident
Parked in spot 187. Spice 1 and Snoop Dogg would be proud.
thanks! love the concept of your gig! cheers!
Wish I could go tonight: MT: Unnatural Formations #opening #party 6-8pm Stephen Hilyard, Simen Johan & Lydia Anne McCarthy!
is making a delicious dinner tonight with her Valentine :-)
I can see my phone pretty well...thats all that matters
I agree Fear the deer!! RT : we're excited for the season...wish it would start now!
Lucky it's 100 degrees here What is it there like 40
thanks for the #FF!
We love Gatsbys American Dream. You should too. -Zach.
Apparently! A phone call to confirm all was good w my order? Wow. Impressed
not really going to bed lol still up writing music and its great but My eyes feel like they are trying to shut but no sleep you know.
hahaha yes his bowtiess! love them :D
Got tha league tonight
yes it was suppose to be may 1 but I couldn't move into my new place til the 13th so moving got pushed back obviously.
Excuse my grammar; trying to make a point of how irrelevant some people's thoughts/opinions are.
Why didn't I know about this magazine? Well, I do now.
LUNCH SPECIAL - Roasted Beet Salad on a bed of mixed greens with bleu cheese, candied walnuts, cucumber, onions and an orange vinaigrette.
Ladies come join us for the viewing of Basketball Wives Reunion pt2 at 8pm!
Happy Birthday!!! Wish you the best! Love your music!
I love the Nuts and Bolts columns, l look foward to them every month!
yes soon
Knowing that a man is not justified by the works of the law, but by the faith in Jesus Christ, even as we have believed in Jesus Christ . .
I'm scared of tomorrow. I'm scared of the Biology test.
Woo Hoo Start the weekend baby, epic!
when you wanna talk to someone.........but you dont wanna bother them :3
Please Check Your DMs From Me Please(:
#FF The only person that matters!
Commercial auditions lets go!
yep! Those repetitive warrior poses are a monster.
I'm up to Act II of Hamlet, which is probably equivalent to 3 out of 10 problems.
Finally saw War Horse (a Truly Moving Picture Award Winner) last night. What a miraculous horse, indeed!
** frost glacier freeze forever
Off to work in a few. Have I mentioned how much I love delivering pizzas?
oh haha I gotcha, how you been
where are you headed...the beach.
lmao that was too funny :))
just saw "The Debt" at the movie theater tonight. Fantastic!
almonds are my easy go to protein. I snack on the all the time.
yes... that's a challenging one for sure... but well worth the effort!
"Beauty without virtue is like a flower without perfume."
You can't soar with the eagles if you're out hooting with the owls. I gotta go to work
I know! I got a note on FB and I was like, "What?!?". But u know what I'm glad that u both are still cool
some theater somewhere needs to do a con air / face/off / vampire's kiss triple feature. get on that.
What games are you going to this weekend
watched 4 years ago,he was just a small town kid from canada,never thot he would be a world wide phenomenon but
..not that I know of but you never know!
I'm always on the move but I have a feeling I'll be back. We shall see what will be.
Sitting next to a annoying guy in biology-_-
that's rift:)lol. How did it go?
Today is beautiful and I am loving it!!!!!
no doubt fam. Thanks for the follow back
Good! RT : How was it RT : Went &amp;amp; seen #CabinByTheWoods 👍👌👏
yeah let me talk to franchy a.k.a. hahaha
Double copycat! Sounds like #Colts are following the Cam Newton plan by building an offense to fit Andrew Luck.
spent the day listening to amazing survival stories from victims of violent crime....inspiring
Great seeing you & checking out our 'new' digs, now send me PHP devs! Joke.....but no really.
I hope you will always come to me if something is bothering you.
Ok we're ready for you Mr. Berlin!
#GoGetter RT : - i wish somebody was ovaa Here too Keep mee Company ((;
Hi Lee, I'm looking into HD video cameras - any recommendations?
These heads are going to be beautiful.
Happy Sunday! : )
"I heard you and your loud swallow." Oh how I love and
my brothers college graduation
Welp looks like my plans are busted for tonight
I love my kids so much that I agreed to turn the oven to 400 for 20 minutes. Yes, my love is measured in degrees Fahrenheit.
woo do i love #TheWeekend ♥
My fake breaking news tweet might have been slightly humorous if autocorrect knew what I was talking about.
RT if you're craving TACOS!
My novel "Love Isn’t Painful" my website sajunique.com read chapters. purchase book at Barnes and noble or Amazon.com
BlackBerry 10 Alpha Dev device, the nicest handset you&#39;ll never own
asiago sourdough bread is delicious breakfast/lunch
Schizophrenia beats being alone.
Dear Twitter hivemind: Teaching ethics and looking for something by Malcolm X to teach alongside Letter from a Birmingham Jail. Suggestions?
Stunned to drive behind a car on my way to work with a license plate about stamping and a window sticker of a single lady and two cats.
you should scratch that or someone. Get a infection or something, what?
yea i read them last summer..ahh I thought they were alright haha..the second book was my fav
BIG turnout for Jerry Brown's campaign stop at SDSU.
If mildew appears on the grout lines of your shower enclosure? call 203 7941000
Ever since Plouffe got engaged, he's all clusterfucked. Women ruin everything!
Lol... I hear my last RT to much
They should make a newer version of the movie "Spawn." That would be tight titties.
Thanks for the follow! Am happy to
Spot trending now in Chicago, IL: P.J. Clarke's - Streeterville - Pub (live updates)
The strap from my shirt just popped in class 😰
Thomas is counting on being close to us!
Sobering! How do YOU combat this trend? RT For every 100 FB fans, ~16 see your post (unless paid).
Don't forget Peachy Airport Parking is giving away $250 to both the indoor & outdoor lots for March. Leave a business card with the cashier
me too. It's very interesting to learn
Wow. I had a flashback about the Organ Grinder all of a sudden.
thanks for following me :-) So lovely to meet you... thanks for coming out. "Russian Ivy"= love it!!!
North! North! I'm going North!
Line starts at 4:30pm in the Home Court Gift Shop.
Thanks for following! :) <3
That upset me a little but it's understandable..
Are tax returns a sufficient excuse to buy MLB TV?
I hate you so I guess we're even.
There is a sermon from a preacher describing how men are like waffles and women like spaghetti. It will explain everything lol
Wrapping Easter presents.
julie dot larsen at utdallas.edu. FYI all application and transfer credit ?s go through Admission office.
False Brittish Accents playing the Wedge tomorrow nt and friday is Walri w/ Christine Grace. Brooks has Domestic Violin and Ben Lawler.
thank you
I LOVE COTTON CANDY!!!!!
Update on My Drycleaner fire in Little 5 Points: cause of fire to be released next Tuesday. No claims until then.
Teaching @ Rainbow Art Glass tomorrow : Fused Glass Pendants!
Happy Valentine's Day! 
Sorry for not chatting much. I'll try to do that more this weekend.
I'd rather fuck you
me too, i wish this was an april fools day
Just got done running 4 miles... Fuck im tired. Need my dick massaged!
The only substitute for good manners is fast reflexes
probably like kindergarten or 1st.. I doubt I could handle older kids haha.
I sholl can't wait until they open des weight room I mean trap house lol haha
honored. Thanks for follow :-)
Trynna kick it
Rules on race that prevent thousands of middle-class parents from adopting ... - Daily Mail
I trust people way too easily..
Its def a critic week...Avengers was also excellent!
ain't that the truth
Need a layout, Creative work for a flyer, Promotion/Sponsorship for your band? Message us for info.
API (Application Programming Interface) or this plugs into that and they talk w/ each other. Kind of like dating
Very sad game, lost it from the beginning.....where was the DEFENSE....COME ON GUYS! We know you can beat that THUNDER!!!
Remember, I'll be at Sylvester Middle School a week from Saturday!
SHE TYPED THE WRONG LYRICS TO WMYB AND WHEN I CORRECTED HER SHE DIDN'T REPLY. THAT'S RIGHT BITCH SIT.
omg the OMG GIRLZ CANT RAP :O
Weird he's not here. Lol.
Saw THE UGLY TRUTH with Katherine Heigl. Theater was full. Good laughs. Entertaining but not special. I give it a 6 out of 10
#Weinstein producing #Tarantino flick #DjangoUnchained with #JamieFoxx as a #Slave and #LeonardoDiCaprio as an evil #PlantationOwner Funny?
Sick! :P I feel like shit now…
The sitting and waiting for the right time to pounce is half the fun!!!!
We're often told that we should "forgive & forget." Forgiveness should happen. Are we being realistic about the forgetting part???
Phillies not as good as some thought?
alas no. Hope it will be on Ted soon
Dr McNally from U of Chicago cardiomyopathy and genetics
Amen. RT "It's a network" should be the beginning rather than the end or answer for our inquiry.
Shades of the Departed is actually a different publication, but they do have some great content.
Everything you say always makes sense :-)
for #leepdrinktweet #socialsakesession !!! What better night is there than free sake??! Darn good food to wash it down too ha
followback,Is Awsome related to Watch American Idol Online
How do you forget your bag when you know you're going to school?
Follow ! He's #ryankennedy :)
There are just some songs that'll NEVER get old
having a good day?
i would'eve smacked her for disrepecting her
rock, dear.
I wish I had background music playing for however I feel.
Sounds like a plan to us!
Its cinco de mayo O_O I need to go to 5th street or arimingo.
or that spot in Brandon. Lol
lol im not innocent. only thing holdin up my halo is my horns. lol
Eyes watering
Hipsters and Librarians are well suited. Both are over educated and the majority are underemployed.
Had fun 4 my sister birthday Happy 21st Birthday Girl Love You!!!!
omg, I've been wanting to for the longest time
Dana from IM5 is hilarious and so random!
But it usually gets portrayed the other way because of Bynum's mouth and Gasol's "smooth" game.
Rockin' the chucks tomorrow
"Your struggles where never meant to break you down, but to make you stronger"
Awww it's okay...I'll be making another trip down there soon!
“: You're my 200th follower ! :D” guess I'm just special :D
#cildc Semantic web is a giant bubble graph
ok talk to you later when you get back on
and we are always working to make faster!
and who dressed her???
What is the best hotel Facebook page you have seen? Why was it the best?
People who are struggling need our care & compassion.
I never wanted him. He even trying to play tonight. Terrible : Just think some people wanted to trade for Howard. #Knicks”
"I'd Rather Be Lucky Than Good" - Jesse The Body Ventura
Raiders of the Lost Arc on the big screen April 22... sometimes I love this town.
; think ima go have some drinks tonight, since them hoe's is free 😜
Lips stained red from a bottle of wine.
Packer Forever Lazy
Nice photos! But these are my favorites: Trafalgar Square, The Charterhouse and the Big Ben! #awesomephotos :-)
#BostonSportsReport: ESPN roundtable: Expect another big year from Michigan State football
Put meat used for stir frying in freezer for 45 min. to 1 hr. to make� slicing easier.
So true! RT Interestingly (or not) in re Q6, hardly *any* of my library learning is from peer-reviewed library journals.
you want to "paint the fence?" That can be arranged
Opportunities multiply as they are seized. -Sun Tzu
#cvcouncil CM Castaneda: W side res r generational CV. E side res avg 5-6 yrs CV. How 2 create identy for CV 2 b "home-for-life" for new res
Goaaalll! USA scores stunning last minute winning goal to advance in the World Cup!
get a ticket and i'll make Loren take you!
Alright, it's official. Great Basin Food Co-op will change the face of Reno for the better. Super excited for their new location.
I say it on the daily. RT RT : I use "Your" and "You're" correctly. #ShitNobodyInMiamiSays”
fffffuck! my iPod is dead... so I guess I have to use my phone today. >.< I need my music!
duke is losing, duke is losing, yaaaaaaaaaaaay. go lehigh!
Just turned in the bound copy of my Master's portfolio papers..here's to three years of studying,research,& writing! #UTDallas #Godisgood :)
Looks like you are having fun - enjoy!
ages 14 to 22 High school and community college MANY OF THE SAME ISSUES
Let any burden inspire me, motivate me. At Peace, realizing that that I am who I am from all of that which has taken place.
Listen to the intelligent mind, listen to the stupid heart. Be stupid. (Demi Lovato)
lick my p***y and maah crack!
Congrats on joining our team of freaks! Be sure and keep a close watch on us in the coming months. Many awesome things to come!
Glad it's Friday night, had a wonderful dinner with my wife at Crazy Water, time for some sleep. :)
best invention ever!!
We're also looking for volunteer writers(for editorials/news on art/film/theater/music), promotions people, designers & developers.
I believe I need you to follow me before I can DM.
you comin' our way?
I use bit.ly, but had noticed that you used to use Hootsuite. Were their metrics good for you? You using bit.ly now?
If I can only teleport it to you but im almost done, give me 25-30 min. Im not far
Last chance to get your tickets for our Be A Voice Awards Luncheon this Thursday! Thank you everyone for your support!!
Civil Unions are an acceptable replacement for Marriage, just like charity is an acceptable replacement for health insurance.
Loving holidays with &
A #hangover is no excuse to miss the #RegionalFinals. #Manup, come to Schoolyard to eat $5 dozen bone-in chicken wings.
i love ur hair style sexy body
Listening to the new Beach House. It's great. It sounds just like Beach House and Beach House had a baby with some Beach House tossed in.
ABC please let me play the son on #Smash like he's Terrible!!
aw you girl telltell heart
- Looks like I need to come set up a checking acct! has totally failed me.
I'll go with sinister... ;)
Live from the seder! We’ll be tweeting #Passover!
Back at the grind this Monday morning? Take a well-deserved break at lunch today and test out one of our new menu items!
Laugh. Dance. Love. what a great way to live life!
": is goin' CRAZY right now for ! Don't miss the show nxt wk, 7022736843 for FREE guestlist and DRINKS!"
Nothing but LOVE
Two guys were trying to impress a chick with their tandem recumbent bicycle. Her disdain was priceless.
We don't want to use the instructor voice, we want to use the dating voice...
Hey there swags...def going in on a live drum recording today...release the mics!!!!
If her favorite type of music is that ish from disney channel
No, don't say that! I was just at the Pacific :)
you should let me love you, Let me be the one to, give you everything you want and need 😘
Both of you are. There. It's settled. You're welcome,
So when is that new brew place opening on CalAve & Arlington? I could use it...right...now.
Anyone else transfixed by that single perfectly errant falling snowflake on center stage? A brilliant accident.
Watching a Finnish film (who knew they had that technology?). I am actually attractive enough to be a movie star in Northern Europe.
When my mom sings it sounds like a dying cat and makes me wanna hit her in the face
Congrats to for winning the first ever James Beard Best Bar Program award. Hope to make it to NYC soon o see you guys!
" Never regret anything because at one time...it was exactly what you wanted. "
On the grind here at The Global Elements just sayin HELLO to all my tweet fam!!!
Missing all my #pbskidsVIPS who are at #PBSam! Though I'm enjoying
#eventhoughtheyaredecent I'm not watching the KU-KState game because I can't stand either of them.
#CSS issues are taking up way too much time. Anyone know if there's such a thing as a "CSS debugger" showing _why_ layout is the way it is?
Eldest "This song doesn't make sense. What does 'I like the way you work it. No diggity. I got to bag it up' mean?"
Oh my goodness, just KILLED it. I had chills the entire time!!!!
Thanks for being awesome!
Hee Hee Hee! The Chicago elections board looks sillier than a gopher with its gonads greased!
yah...only female on the cover of slam? But like all women, shot from her waist and flicked it
I'm not a stalker ... by the way you no longer have milk. xD
An estimated 46 million adults in the US have doctor diagnosed arthritis, like rheumatoid, osteo, lupus, gout or fibromyalgia.
Why am I still up knowing I have to be up early.
#Longgdayyyy tired night.xo
Hollywood is cruel.
your welcome lols. I'm Alexis :).
thanks again for mine! (:
damnit, you beat me to it!
Alright then lets go then!:)
Author or artist? "Beyond Words: The Writer's Art" showcases visual art famous writers, in the Special Collections Library
Dating in the Dark is my new favorite tv show.
Jacob Dowling: Truth is.... I need a spanish english dictionary to read most of my friends posts
so it seems.
I know hunz :)
I spent all day in bed watching you Vlogs. Don't make me start at it again!! Haha ;)
I scream depression? Muthafucker, it's better then what you'll scream if I ever got a hold of your muthafuckin ass..
Just got mail from 5starBasketball camp
this is gonna be a series.
I've been trying to avoid putting games on my phone, but too many people have been asking me to get Draw Something... I'll cave.
in love with
Say what you need to say, but remember that it can't be unsaid. Offer forgiveness, even when it isn't deserved.
Well at least you're being productive I see.
Oh that is so very sad. But!!!! We can convert him into the Cupcake Worship Clan!
program committee meeting in NYC across from ground zero on 9/11. good ideas flying on a somber day.
facebook account was hacked again!!! Not sure if i sent anything out yet but beware of Jordans
You better switch sides and bELIeve in I'm excited for my very first football game!
Hanging out at Devil's Elbow near St Robert on Route 66. Great little biker BBQ/bar here. Great people too.
What takes place is instantly everywhere - the world is really now interconnected
okay thanks.
love The Voice!
thanks dude!
If you live to be a hundred, I want to live to be a hundred minus one day so I never have to live without you. - A. A. Milne
The awkward moment when has been to my house so many times and never knew I had a pool... #wherehaveyoubeen?
but there really are...everybody going to la today for some reason
Got my car all packed up for move out thanks to ! I'd say we're pretty savvy packers, eh??
enjoying delicious food and atmosphere on the patio on this gorgeous day!
If the CDC policy on H1N1 gives us a preview of government run health care, then I officially withdrawal my support.
Hahah I'm totally different. I almost passed out, cried, and threw up speaking to my class today. XD Band: totally fine. XD
Enjoyed your set in Kansas City! What song sounded like it was straight out of a gospel choir, except well, it was only you? :)
Phew, finished this video! Although I just saw another still I'd like to put in it... oh well
Just saw your video - phenomenal job. Very impressed! Mad props from a fitness trainer out here in WI!
me and #oomf gon have a paint fight!!! lol
Glad you had a good time! Come back to Milwaukee soon!
Another chance for now make it count!
"You can't afford the luxury of a negative thought."~JR & PM... U r not there yet- u r not done, function like u r building ur own parachute
Haha that was funny. Made me laugh. Basically
I'm happy with the Blackmon pick. Would have been equally happy with Claiborne.
are you doing? Did you find a suitable habilitator for your darlings? ( our schedules didn't pan out... you read my resume)
I shouldn't have let you back into my heart. Disaster waiting to happen.
thank you for the comments - much appreciated
Well that gives you plenty of time for fun stuff!! Hows things with your girl?
I don't know, but I'm not happy about this at all! :(
thanks dude! Maybe we can make it up there one day!
"The biggest gap in our lives is, what we know and what we do with what we know."
That moment when a spider lands on you and you instantly become a ninja.
Guh! I was referring to your earlier tweet about the show you're seeing and the company you're keeping tonight.
i am solving this right now!
Lovely Skyping with my gal , glad to know you're here for me and same for you too!!! :)
Bitch , Your baggage ain't mine too carry ! Get outta here . >.<
Ah. This is the weather I was looking forward to for SXSW. Added benefit is that it's luring people out of the convention center.
Not feeling the best :/ Watching the new Punk'd!
My music will be debuting on KARP Radio 106.9 FM in Hutchinson, MN tonight! :) From Plymouth, to St. Cloud, to Granite Falls, listen...
we are internet im in fla and is in memphis 7602835110 now
I love my mommy, but i love bailey more, he does not treat me like a little boy anymore, she acts like i'm still 2
The fault is #Marlins. They hired a #Venezuelan not understanding how many Venezuelans feel about #Cuba historically.
Stop the Ban on last night! A great piece, thanks fox 5! Great work! Anyone see us on KUSI or CW6?
On my way to NYC for the day to spend time with my Dad and his wife. Megabus ahoy! & bless for being open at 7am every day.
Just found out that a coworker I barely know is in love with me from afar. Not sure what to do with that, for a lot of reasons.
I am so grateful for your support!
'get some chest on your hair'
Theres so much drama in this fan base. Guess that what you get with millions of teen girls. Lol
we are in keep me posted its all about Cleveland
thank you :)
warn her? I told her I'd be happy to exploit her when she felt ready.
To be honest, I have no idea why. It just seems like a big flop on their part.
Business is buzzing at the NTEN/Wiley Bookstore! Come on over!
"Sometimes change is what's best, letting your heart break, and learning how to cope."
on my way
It's different every week, but always has wheat berry salad as a base. Today's had garbanzos, broccoli raab, and fiddleheads.
Having no one special to say good night to sucks.
dont attack me when i come lls
What is that on her back? I can't make it out. Already sorry I asked! LOL!
I can't take full credit for it only shared it Glad you liked it. please RT
What's up? lol
I agree. (Because romance novels would be way too easy.)
RT : I can't seem to edit the gdoc for DH centers -- is it publicly editable? [crap ... try it now]
Skipping school ! Woo
What is this white stuff falling from the sky???
it is the most difficult thing in the worlld right now to be strong :-(
Successful authors have a vision, and they dream to build the vision
League is "WI Indycar Fans" at indycar nation. Deadline for st. Pete picks is 8am tomorrow.
Wasn't that fan interference even worth an argument from Showalter?? Seemed pretty obvious to me.
Im so hyped for this draft its not even right!!! Im gonna go ahead and hope the bears find a way to get 2 first rounders. No pressure phil!!
idk if that will catch on lol
Just bkuz you rob, hit licks, got shot I can still tel YOU ain't bou tht life.
We keep coming back to each other when are we gonna realize its not gonna work out not now not ever again </3
Oh , I love you.
CMON PATRIOTS...SIGN UP WHILE IT'S FREE ...WE SUPPORT THE CAUSE www.plegde4patriots.com
It's a pretty cool gig, to be honest. Being around baseball all day is great
Ask yourself, do you really know what beef is?? And then ask yourself, do you really want beef?? lmao
so tempted to be that person and come buy you a drink for being awesome and an inspiration!
we're posting our #ACBW events tomorrow!!!
Would any young ladies like a scented candle? I have one that my mom doesn't want for mothers day..
Laying here n my sports bra n bball shorts. Y cause somebody got the heat on hell..
My #newyears resolution is to read books written by twitter followers and other indie authors on kindle. This should be fun!
Yes. That swing was a sign that could change soon though. RT : is he still homer-less?
I hate the twitter on my new phone. It doesn't give you a notification when u get a mention or a dm. Like seriously bro
What is your favorite holiday food? Also, does your family have any unusual holiday traditions?
well just mentioned me asking for a shoutout. here it is: do not follow this guy. he is not funny or interesting at all. what a loser
I want a car like bumblebee !!!!!
Thank you!
“When you do the common things in life in an uncommon way, you will command the attention of the world.” George Washington Carver
THANK YOU BASED GOD
": I feel your pain King ! I'm in a similar position. You got it tho" Yup just gotta pray on it. It'll be ok
This bar is playing I'm in Miami bitch.....it's like they know my life
Good news is just life's way of keeping you off balance.
(c) Society should start judging people on their personalities & the good or bad they do in the world, not their weight.
Karmas a bitch and she's comin straight for u....
I make Jordan's & Heels happen.
campaign contributions
On my way to the conference!
it's a MAD MAD MAD MAD WORLD, NO?! I can see it now: Gingrich v. Obama. This is more fun to watch than FOOTBALL!
Ever heard of it? Does anyone think of Andy Bernard every time a presenter mentions Cornell?
Those pacers almost killed me lol
‎"Injustice anywhere is a threat to justice everywhere." -Martin Luther King, Jr.
Boys lust after little attention seeking girls who are easy. Men fall in love with women who are classy and respectable.
Who needs an oil change? I have open spots today, bring it
Am I the only person freaked out by logging in to Spotify with my actual FB credentials?
doing good working on my 5th play. How is your show?
tomorrow I'm afraid...
Leaving Justin for anyone is a down grade. Sorry..but it is.. You can't get any better then Justin Drew Bieber.
everyone else got weaker
you know you want to RT me!
omg wee shouldd go together
Keep on rocking!
Can anyone explain why we have to have these tedious "we love movies" montages? Can't we save that time for when Meryl Streep wins?
Is "sizing up the competition" a bad thing? I'm pretty sure what would say...
A9: Spent much more time learning with staff on how digital shift was changing people’s lives and work, not just news.
RT :pick me up some popcorn!!! < I'll pick you up a frank, I went to New York
Time to sleep but to lazy to turn the tv off :)
New Orleans till 15; next shooting for 3 days on Times Square & then I'll say: That's a WRAP on Empire State! [& I'm ready 4 Spring B] 😜😉
haha nice! That's awesome. Maybe I'll get a dog and name it Drama. Or turtle? Dunno yet I'll think of something.
How you gunna pull me down if you can't reach me.
Yeah, go follow gofuckingnuts, his images are AMAZING even if he took them from other people ;p
ooh, that brioche looks amazing!
Last Call For Rum and Cock
idk. Cornell gave me my grades. And was talking to me. I was there for less than 5min.
#thatawkwardmoment when 50cent's party like its your birthday comes on and you sing ALL the words!
More mosquitoes than voters out here!
trust me If I could pick up and go I would already be there lol
: haha what did you? Security was tight!
Social media goals don't have to be rooted in selling more tickets. Consider targeted audience outreach.
what's the fine print on the Tuesday Kids eat free? I have 5 kids. Be afraid, be very afraid.
Lest we forget.
I believe u were thinking something else & miss spoke in English. Hell, u do it all the time.Have a translator for awhile. Lol
is napa valley kinda like hunt valley?
Okay. It only makes sense, seeing as our relationship is entirely sustained through social networking.
Showed up to a costume party, costumes were cancelled.
I just finished a workshop w her yesterday - she gives great advice! Enjoy it.
Shit just got awkward!
. on conan on wednesday! Let's show #sf some love--and maybe make feel better about ?
never let a pregnant lady walk out of there with out pho
Anyone else think Blue the dog was a weak mascot? Bring back Dynamo!
Can't wait to hear your guys' next album. I bet it'll be just as wonderful. Have a wonderful rest of the day.
Pregnant women are so freaking moody. Chill the fuuckk out
He sitting there looking surprised as fuck
Just smile, it might not make your problems disappear, but it will stop people from asking what's wrong with you.
“: can you just imagine vincent in a v-neck, skinny jeans, a beanie, & his glasses? SWEET BABY JESUS, someone hold me~”ik
we should put a poll up see which home games. But tell people to only vote if they can actually make it, not just want to
one more reason to visit HK this summer: our study abroad program partner!
Oh, Mr. Darcy, you'll always have my heart you silver fox.
Hope you brought your tissues, you're going to need them.
I'm at Lagwagon BITCHES!!
i really like our apt decor. lets get a tree this weekend!!!
My brother is gay and he loves One Direction! Especially, Louis lol! So, I ship them ;) #JuLou :D
ha! and good to see you Kathy -- hope you had a great Mom's day. RT : BuildingMoxie Hey back atcha.
FYI, loved using StageIt -- really easy, really worked! let me know if you want more info. Hope you're well!
ugh i hate when i have to pay it >.< when tho ? today or tomorrow ?
Anybody know anybody who has taken a class with Winnie Holzman? Would love to talk to you/them.
♀There is something fascinating about a person who continues to fight on long after many around them might believe the battle is all over♀
": "Wow, that's a nice looking pair of crocs!" - Said by no one. Ever." this is for you
Thank god I'm working & can't watch this disgrace “: Kazakhstan takes the U.S. to overtime at the world championship.”
yup yup
we are playing with authority zero and voodoo glow skulls on Feb 8th at mohawk place in buffalo,ny !!!! amazing
Tha name of the Lord is a strong tower; the righteous run to it and are safe. -Proverbs 18:10
8 and 9 hitters, Andino and Bell just drove in 4 runs in top of the 7th. Andino jumped on first pitch, and Bell battled back from down 0-2
"The biggest mistake you can make in life is to be continually afraid of making one."
I don't know why Savannah make some of the faces she make. O_O
I'm glad you made it home safely <3
If you have to ask where the funding for your project will come from, you're in the wrong person's office.
She probably won't see any of these.
uh both!! Good news is I can say that on twitter and no one will know!! 😊
I'm tweeting you SO HARD RIGHT NOW.
Join us 2nite for fashion show to benefit Military Families Program at 7pm. bit.ly/9il9PS hosted by
Happy Birthday Charlie :-)
I miss you too!!! Muah!!! Going back tonight.
I'm 100% positive is the single greatest reporter/badass/human on the face of this earth.
seasons greetings erg monster.
Rise and Grind World
☼ Self-respect is the cornerstone of all virtue. John Herschel
be safe and watch out for the pigs
glad you liked the fencing today on espnu!
will be relocating new family to SF on the 1st of March. Intense!
If u think bullying makes you look cool your wrong!
2nd half starts soon!
AWWW , im walking home alone today i suppose, and im guna be alone for fourth period /:
My mom has a casting call for an agency >.< Lucky Bitch !!!!! 😜😜😜
Working on The Mix all afternoon....Looking forward to BLS @ The Rave tonight!
AND thomas vanek!
New Episode Rocked Ur Really CUTE
Beautiful! Just beautiful. : )
Met with another advisee, sent out a few more emails, looked over some paperwork for a service obligation.
shadowbar as well!
Going to see the Reel Rock Film Tour tongiht.
lmao. you would rt that. bitch.
hey love, check your INSTAGRAM notifications
3 teachers had seen me tweeting in class almost got in suspension but I didn't cuz I tried 2 convince my teacher
Final score blues 21 Glendale 21
yeah... It's like your mind explodes then comes out your ass later when you eat that shit.
What is your game and on what channel ?
Some of these choirs be kickin it
Totally perplexed about Kesha on SNL right now. Wasn't she just performing on there recently? This is a very bizarre performance.
my 8year old cousin has a flat screen tv in her own room accompanied with her own computer.....lol what is life.
: Man who you tellin
what a fantastic picture - (never been to bahrain)
happy easter everybody!
I could really go for some Too bad its Monday.
do you want to hold food drive at #mikac3 this Sat?
Running sucks. I'm so sore.
Airport hiking! A great fitness regimen!!
hey any honky tonk plans while you're in Austin? I'm in a limbo where UX friends left and music friends not here yet.
The US military can't/won't fund any candidate. And if they could, the guy cutting the DOD budget isn't it.
one of my first models needs to come see me and my new studio...just saying :)
I really wish people would limit podcasts to 20-30 minutes, max. #devops I'm looking at you, DevOpsCafe ;)
Simple Membership sites can quickly increase your monthly cashflow for your business.
#ThingsIThinkAboutTextingYou When Its Gonna Be Official. Obivously I Want U N' You Want Me!
DO YOU WANNA KEEP WORKING AT A JOB? JUST OVER BROKE. I AM SURE MOST OF YOU CAN RELATE TO THIS. STEP OUTSIDE THE BOX AND BE YOUR OWN BOSS
gdmorning I'm fine how r u lady?
Thank you so much Robin!! This painting means so much to me and it was such an honor to meet the painter in person! This makes me happy
My attitude is loud, my demeanor is loud, and my watch is even louder.
Digging being back in conference mode ... with fine food and good people to sweeten the deal.
This blows :/
Trying to get used to Twitter I'm a fb fan!
I know I saw :)
all day girl! Let's get it!
If your a fan of craft beers like we are, make sure and check out this Sat at Racine Civic Center. 150 craft beers....
Almost done with the new Stephen King book 11/22/63. It's so good.
thanks for sharing the info
kira i known here since she was lilltle gurl she be sayin or call herself joker i think
thank you!
Glad to have had your beauty there. “: thanks for allowing me to sitin on your reading! Now I'm inspired to do a lot ...
Many Patriots killed, houses burned to open way for others to Vote, though they never lived to see the USA. Some whine they have to get ID?
Im not slow...I just choose to pace my thoughts!!:))
I used to be a sinner... BUT GOD!
That works great for me I can be there at 3:30. I am really looking forward to it!
- since there's no #CoachellaLive steam on YouTube…yeah, it is easy to forget.
alright i'll be there can't wait to see everyone (:
I'm A Lil Timid.
Catch & Release: reminds retiring leaders not to overreach the 40something generation of folklorists when retiring
Training five creative (art) directors today. Will they accept language as their medium for a few hours?
RT": That horrible moment when you take a sip of orange juice after brushing your teeth."
yup. Born and raised with a few moves away and a few moves back.
Good morning, hope all of my lovely followers have a great day!
yes, I love to visit NYC. Just pretty sure I'd never want to live there.
Knocked out
#nw The Princess and the Frog
Yes…love it...
Delta chi in Greeley what up!? Let's hang out tonight!
Fyi, french fries and mayo have changed my life! Forever grateful for your suggestion :)
Vikings stadium: Ex-lawmakers call Zellers the key to passing bill - Pioneer Press
Hyman wins journalist of the year honors - Wicked Local
thoughts and prayers for your grandpa! <3
Joan Little is
strawberry wafers >>>
S/o to for giving me the most inspirational talk last night. He always knows the right thing to say, & he means a lot me.
Hell yes. RT : Just remembered that, yes indeed, Hello Nasty was probably the best album of the 90s.
Q Orange #wines R on 's #wine list-what's paired best w & how do ur #Sommeliers sell that 2 guests?
another round of all out edit warfare and planning. This week has the promise of so much getting accomplished.
Missed hot tub time tonight. Well, we could've gone but there were..."other people."
Eden musta been one HELL of a watering hole.
i know! Fmlll but nahh i miss our high school team more than anything :)
fix the HOPE issue and justify or not justify going further.
followed me back on GifBoom :) everyone follow me @ sashamariepittman <3
Only would win concert tickets! lol
If you didn't have anything to prove what could you take off your plate? Stop and think before you answer the menu is larger than you think.
Great first hour - and one more to go! Enjoy the news and we'll be right back. Mail the show during the break:
We believe we are ahead of the music industry. We offer a free market approach to success!
follow it's just one button to press ;)
Yes! RT : Pierre Thomas gave the ball to his mom according to Lovely gesture. And worth the flag.
Clicking link in previous tweet should automatically start downloading 108MB zipped file
Dunkin donuts has a twitter account lol
Oh yeah, let's not forget, GO ROCKIES !!!
Ah that sounds like so much fun! Have a blast!!
I was so nervous though..I think I embarrassed him a lil.. :0
Anyone seeing anything? RT : O'Hare-bound Blue Line trains are experiencing delays due to police activity near Jackson
#NowPlaying down to earth by
Haha when did you think everything would work? Always assume nothing works out that way you're happier when it does ;-)
“: Here's to the girls who try to ruin happy relationships. #FUCKYOU” fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck YOU
The Roots. That's all u should need to know.
Shaefer and Maxwell trash talking the fans. Rookie mistakes
john rich you're awesome for seeing through the succubus' BS.
She likes this one too...
y'all just need to chill out fighting is immature as fuck and Brad u need to get your bitch ass to football.
I miss your tan skin your sweet smile so good to me so right....
It feels like I don't tweet like I use to but Life is SO busy, Lol. Had a beautiful and amazing week with my woman!! #LGBT ♥
<-- my fav rapper. Villa
Dear Karen, We havnt talked since that one account was being mean to me. you are nice and sweet. your very beautiful. I luv u lets talk more
your just,amazing i just cant describe your tallent your thatwnderful :)
If the misspelling is from the original source, I have one guess as to who wrote it.
seriously cannot come soon enough!
Dinner at maxies tonite. Good wings. Good shrimp and grits. And good dogfishhead raisin something or other on tap. Will be back for sure.
"Reality is merely an illusion, albeit a very persistent one."
Heard it for the first time yesterday...tell me why I'm bumpin' to Boyfriend.
S/o to #Armyof7 with
I'll be in fairview tomorrow there's one there.
Swing by and check out some new music! We have some amazing singers!
Hi Shari, I think your account was hacked. Check your outgoing DMs!
Hey everybody! Our iPhone app is live and ready to download... for FREE!!!
I have some news on a presentation SANDAG is doing on NACTO that I haven't had time to post yet. Hope to late tonight or early tomm
lol. found it. just after zach crean. :)
Finally after a few weeks I once again have control of
Its official, I am done w/ snow, ice, snow flurries, freezing rain & sleet. Get above 32 degrees already and get off the #NY roads!
Got into a fight lol
Ah, the constant sound of helicopters flying over...
u need to change Ur bio of ur with dean
JJ Allmendinger moves over trying to block Hamlin starts the whole mess
im not sure.
Forever is a long time, but I wouldn't mind spending it by your side. <3
UNICORN SWAG UNICORN SWAG UNICORN SWAG X3
Did you, by chance, message me about "bad rumors," or have one of us been hacked?
my EYES ARE heavy and i still gtta make sure i call you uh fml lol
just got your viva la glam lipstick!!
nothing chilling
forgot the NFL draft is tonight
Trying to figure out how Google+ works and if I need another social networking site to keep up with...
I'm glad to hear you had a good time.... We have lots more events coming up!
so true. So many times we get caught up in the situation and THE solution.
I love when the fans chant bullshit
Lolololol RT : RT : Owls are the only birds that can see the color blue.<how the fuck do we kno that, c'mon now.
Just working, that's all I do forreal wbu?
Continue with the research.
Wishing all BPO #ELKS hoopshooters good luck in Springfield MA at national free-throw competition
No act of kindness, no matter how small, is ever wasted. - Aesop
S/ to my president an next baby daddy for giving n xtra$100 on my food stamp so now that's mo $$$
I'm horrible at finding you twitter folks on G+.. real names.. diff avatars.. so find ME on Google+ :) search for or :)
About to fill out my first job application. (:
where u at punk?
haaahahaha whoa I don't think anyone is supposed to admit that... Ever.
Me and you your mama n your cousin 2
Jealous!! Have some wine for me! :)
I've seen lighter colored leather on my Doc Martins.
"Prediction is hard to do - especially if it is about the future!" - listening to Michio Kaku at
If i could get a couple goodmornings back , that'll make my day .
I'm solid so I stand like a rock on my decisions
Love these #design gurus ff#
more importantly, what did you get?? new shoes i hope
What a sad and disappointing game. I love them with my whole heart but an embarrasing performance, refs or not.
Now gonna settle in and see if the #Orioles can keep up this magic.
Rudy Gay is... UNSTOPABLE
How I'm spending my Thursday nite: sitting on a folding chair in the pedestrian mall at 41st and Broadway.
Busted 12th...so disappointing!
Listening to a hater talking about Taylor Swift and thinking lie, lie, lie and lie.
That Awkward Moment when you're trapped in the corner of your shower because the cold water is running.
Why make promises if your not going to stick with them ?
I'll be in #mtadams with and all evening; not sure about Brook. Josh still recuperating.
I been out since like 9:15 this morning
there is nothing sociologically relevant about a tan vagina. Perhaps why women want tan vaginas, but don't have to look a one.
Goodbye paper flashcards indeed. Thank you for spreading the word, Desiree! Review, flip, quiz, repeat.
omg Austin #SAYSOMETHIN is AMAZING I love it! Arghhhh follow me please ily?<3
Cant wait until the playoffs start tonight !!
we dont see things as they are, we see them as we are.
My balls & my words all I have
Knowing em, there'll be f time to catch other shows n then be in time for them to take da stage at 2a.
keep them 👍thumbs up👍
this is my hat now. This is totally my hat.
I'M BEING ATTACKED BY A SQUIRREL HELP OMG OMG I'M SO SCARED
Somedays I wish upon a star and wake up with the clouds so far behind.
Much apologies!! Just found the podcast in itunes. The rest of 610 should get on board as well
Sundays suck now...
of course you can my love!!! Yay for girls nights! :) miss you girls too much!
Tix are on sale for 2nd Annual Artisans' Fare on Nov. 18/19; Indiana's premiere food & drink artisans will be there, like !
He will get you... Whether you're standing, sitting, or laying... He's ganna get you, by golly.
im waiting for u,m finally there you r heylivhjje dhw nidhan miyaru
Moving sounds great
Hey, we talked about Jack White, but I wondered today if you like Jeff Buckley. One of my favorites!
Not going broke at the golf show.
RT Looking forward to see how the Knicks respond against the Heat tonight.
On the train to DC! I love and miss everyone, huge thanks for an amazing summer!
watching beastly! <3 the best movie i ever seen!! :)i suggest you to watch it!
How did Desperate Housewives outlive Arrested Development?
Listen to a photographer describe a photo -- October is Arts & Humanities Month!
Doing what I LOVE most!!!
I read it as paper with long GOP tradition feeling burned by a guy who spurned that. Seemed like an honest reaction/question.
about to head to #Drupalcamp #nashville I'm presenting on getting Agile with drupal thanks to for sponsoring
Head is pounding and I have to go to work today. Crap.
We're going through a re-org. Yesterday was the last faculty meeting of the Educational Psychology program at UW -- after 50 years exactly.
wow, didn't think you could be more social than already! Party on Ms Lauren, go pack and brewers!!! Aaahh
out selling golf .. good job Kat ,doing it for the kids
Okay going to do my homework.
Handheld Library 6 is underway! JP Porcaro talking about Mobile Gaming - the library connections to Pokemon.
Oh no! Let me know what you think when you see it!
oh! the Google+ hangout is neat!
It's annoying how sports broadcasters talk shit on Miami Heat, when Miamis lost game.
Also, I love you! Hope you had a great day! We should talk sometime! ;)
I be trying to chill, b–ches wanna f–k me Every little city I go, f–k me
Wanna drink send a DM and i'll buy you a drink using
hahaha, more alc always does the trick! Tear it up mang!
Give it a few more days...
There is a Veteran's Day parade between me, my car, and my office. This should be interesting.
Greek inspired dinner & dessert from
I just finished the first book last night!!! It's soo good=)
that food hit the spot :))
GREYSON, YOU JUST LEAVE US HANGING! TELL US HOW YOU GET TICKETS!!
Good morning
you only speak the truth
I did!
Surg. Gen. calls youth smoking "epidemic." Indiana legislators say "Hey kids, come on into smoky clubs." Brilliant.
Ion f#*k wit new niggaz
RT More women entrepreneurs win $ in than percentage of participants. Woop! #PPC #SOCAP11 #socent (cc )
lol!! I meant holy trinity but thhanks bff for your approval lol!
Hope you get to feeling better😊
#photoshooting on the bar
Massive #PealeBCLM photo collection maintenance achieved. Now to add more digital images to Collections Online!
“: Way to stick it to your school I'm sure they're pretty intimidated #badass #smh” tag her next time baby
hey I can afford it ;)
It is #MOBWIVES time!!! Rushed home to see my girls. Poor I still want to be Big Ang when I grow up.
College orientation has to be worse than hell. Fuh realz doe.
.: There may be a sweet surprise for you at home! (in addition, of course, to me).
Does anyone know if he runs an affiliate program? Great stuff.
Nothing like the weekend in the
I wanna strangle you with the first object I find
Damn im so determined 2get dis job.
About to hit up the town.
#Ammunition go hard as hell.
Happy first day of Spring! Let's hope it gets warmer and no more snow please
that is funny... I close my eyes, but nothing happens.
I woulda got you one girl!
hey, i'm doing that right now (21 day)! last week of it
this. If I have a good signal, I have great battery life. If I don't, it can drain in a few hours.
Whoa! Nice socks. Red Sox meet Redskins?
Should I consider him...
Without discipline, there's no life at all
I am exhausted... How is everyone else feeling this evening?
On chill where J.o.
Dallas missed 2 chances to tie it up, J Terry missed 2 3's... Thunder win. Up 2-0
how bout them Pacer boys....
Its great and even better now that were tweeting! Have you checked out any of our Educational Childrens Toys?!
It kinda says something about a "friendship" when you're not sad it ended. Especially when its 14 years old. Oh well. Life goes on. :)
Rue McClanahanimation: An animation style pioneered and perfected by Golden Girls star, Rue McClanahan.
Cloud computing is outsourcing #edu2011 dietribes#
so cool!!“: Nice hearing "Are you GeekJames?" today, twice.”
Going to Faschek lol for stuff!!!! :)
Anyone going to SOCAP?
Hi, how's it going?
I don't understand what any of this is anymore.
Essays in Idleness (Tsurezuregusa), by Kenko
thanks :) I'm sure you did well in all your classes too!
do you think that Grant might come back for special investigations like the Live Halloween show? #thanksgrant!!!
Judge Payne: "When case loads go up, it's impossible for our case workers to deal effectively with our families"
i am not a raper! HAHAHAHHA
Cause you live in a maze for me dude :( RT : doesnt even pick me up in his sick as ride :(
You gotta love
can I get a Rt for The Big Blue Nation??
it's awful! haha.
. . . we are undocumented by the fresh scent of yerba buena. we are voiceless we are witnesses to the violent end of the 20th century. . .
Been working since 0300 and I'm feeling like a zombie.
Surprise phone calls from my boyfriend in the Mojave Desert make me VERY happy. :)
There are two different seasons in Wisconsin. Both official WIAA too. Some schools play spring, some summer.
If you turned off your computer and phone for two days at work, what would be the most valuable tasks you could still do?
is looking for individuals interested in tax opportunities...feel free to give me a call. 585-381-0810 x229 or send me your resume!!
Almost at our goal of reaching 300 followers. We're giving out 5 free journals once we get there.
well im happy for ya #congrats (:
Happy 4th of July. From Salute Wine Bar & Cafe Management team!
You're bowing out huh. ha
Good game #49ers! Onto game #2. Time for Tebow to go home, but would love to be proven wrong again
SLA - "Service Level Agreement" ?!
Confession19: I love a girl that will give her all to me
There A Prices to pay for everything
Back To The Future was mine!
when June 21st rolls around, make sure you put on your calendar. cause + will be there!
'people starting to come apart...” - shirley jackson, the lottery
I dont want her to hurt over this =[
Middle School is out of the building on an Enhancement Day trip. An afternoon movie in St. John's is a welcome treat for our kiddos!
Modular & flexible spaces= Learning Commons
#3and0 Glad #12 is the starting quarterback on my fantasy team!
I really want to live somewhere with car2go and sexy lifestyle :-P
OK cool, just give us a quick tweet before so we can make sure we're here. See you then!
#Starwarsshakespeare Double, double, toil and trouble Fire burn and Dagobah bubble
Sometimes, you gotta know what lines there are, and not cross them.
man bring ya black ass out tonight
Win a trip for 2 to Cabo San Lucas for shopping at LUCKeSHOPPER!
Good work!!!! Keep it up
Watching the doors
At least, that's what I used to use before it was blocked here. Been awhile, but was user friendly and simple.
I IS! WHY DO YOU ASK? :o
Cant help that i got an attitude, dont give me one and i wont be a bitch.
Some people have strong feelings about direct copying. I say if it is fun do it, just make sure you have some orig stuff
Today is crawling by at a snail's pace...
“: forgot to tell u, love the avatar prom pic!”. HAHAHAHAHA. Will soon be half marathon 🏆
So, foolishly, I look to Twitter. But I'm using Twitter all wrong it seems. Twitter looked like *fun* the chatting and pictures and links..
Far from native but grandkids are 5th generation.
#GODBLESS ALL REAL PARENTS FOR BEING THERE FOR YOUR CHILD
I am feeling a resounding yes. I'll put it down for 8pm. Looking forward to it--I miss you!
oh can't wait for this booookk ! #preordering (:
Im perfectly imperfect :)
home from school. :) dance soon.
Has a tiny dog for the next 2 weeks!
I'm so so stupid today.
I wanna see Chernobyl Diaries!!!
New location has been posted, picture post will come tonight
dude 215 is the official worst and I have those. So sh !
When I imitate my mom's voice, I make her sound more Mexican than she actually sounds. I can't help it.
Oh for fucks sake here we go again.
If y'all can get to Snooze for breakfast one day you will have a happy tummy.
you might have too many apps for your memory
Bucs vs Colts tonight at 6:30! Come experience Bomber Monday with $4 off all bombers!
they just showed Alfred grilling Bertrand Berry on NFL Network Follies: "If you're tired take a knee, but DONT COME OUT DA GAME!!"
we didn't have barb as our server unfortunately.
You Will Need To Complete A Few Genuine Bodily Movements
Tomorrow it will be one month til my birthday! :))) I'm so excited! :)
Dear man running down the desert I-10 high way waving the American flag: you are the reason I love this country.
ha ha ha ha that is some kind of a low dirty chick ha haha lol....
What a great week for #SportsRadio! March Madness, #Blazers trades, #TimbersFC, Manning 2 Broncos, Tebow 2 NY & #BountyGate!
Watching the Longhorns and the Aggies play baseball.
Wish my stomah didn't hurt
We are going gonzo bonkers crazy working on this new website, but the team is AMAZING. Working really hard. I am so proud of them.
#dlfforum A book has really stopped selling by the time the author has been dead 70 years.
This is a concern I have as well.
2days and counting til Jay-Z and Tigers!!!
Hello to all of DYNPR wonderful new followers. RT
still life - describes the photo as well as snax's internal state at all times
10 for 37 for our only two scorers...
Happy Tuesday everyone, let's hope the winds stay away today!
Super typical. Got it in pre AK to A10. I lose obv.
for sure!!!! #love #princeadium #best friends
well that's awesome!
thx, CJ! RT : An early #ff to two folks on the ongoing right to work fight in Indiana: and
Lol did u know tht Red stands for powerful emotion of passion, lust, sex, energy, blood and war.
SUPPORT THE LOCAL BUSINESSES THAT U LOVE. Most have little capital and need you to ensure thier doors can stay open.
have yet to check out google+. Online video and/or audio chat is labor intensive but a better match for what we do
Looking forward to playing tunes at the Congregation B'nai Shalom fund raiser Saturday May 1 at 7pm in Westobough - tickets still available!
": RT Allegra D commercial just came on. Did you know that its for diabetes? ;)" this made my day.
"Being fat is like a trophy for all of the awesome food you ate. Think Positive"
Casey: I wonder what's on TV today. Jessa: American flags.
thanks for following me <3
I don't need plastic in my body to validate me as a woman
I have reached the critical stages of "Senioritis"... 13 days to graduation.
aw thanks :) xx
#sxswmygrocerystore Ladies: Knee high white socks w/peeptoe black pumps all the rage. 30+? Don't forget to bring along 5 hype girlsdaughters
#PCA she looks kinda like an Olsen
Questions about #ravendensprings? Here's a
move to my hood!<3
Thanks for the Battlestar Advice. Giving it 2-3 more chances.
yeah but impossible to get on a server. laaggggg
Restaurant week is today through Feb 10..maybe we could do something for that? Thoughts?
Sad, heavy sigh.
GREY'S ANATOMY IN CLASS = <3
#IWishYouKnew How happy it makes me when I get to call you mine
Their fries are WAY too good.
Yep. I set em up, and everybody else knocks em down.
To love oneself is the beginning of a lifelong romance.
ALO - Man Of The World - 10:21 AM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
Welcome to the Great Northwest! Isn't it beautiful here?
was it fun?
Listening to Ruth Clark - managing mental load; focusing on text and visuals in learning.
Feels so good!
Don't forget -- American Experience is running a new program on the Underground Railroad Monday February 6.
apple loewes takeover valid?
have u ever seen a kfc buffet in n e hood before.
you can feel it, you can feel it
Brandon.. I would like to see you walk in heels for couple hours or so and see how you feel afterwards. haha
arod has a sexy voice. #worstbostonfanever :(
Big League Chew and it's not even close.
“: "What? You can get arrested if you're on the football team?" - from contact at #Mifflin” <<-- Wow, MPD is going for the gold.
We are #Vegas bound! Heading to the desert for the amazing #remaxR4 conference.
I'm gonna go out on a limb here and maybe Prince Charming just doesn't like whiny bitches?
I'm sorry MBC but you are making me want to kill myself with this thing dragging on and on!
Friday the 26th is twice as unlucky as Friday the 13th.
Can't wait either!! We'll book tomorrow!
Im in the High Way To Hell
#SAYSOMETHIN is truly perfect in every way ❤
So jquery cant understand native touch events or html 5 drag and drop events. Regular js ftw!
Congrats! That's great!
“The urgent can drown out the important.” ~ Marissa Mayer
Do people not know bleach is toxic? Vacation condo reeks of it from maid service. Eyes are burning. Natural cleaners, people. Vinegar, etc.
9 months ago tomorrow ah
that was? meredith was hoppin around stopping it and recording it cause she was so nervous
RT " You specialize in movies so you know what happens in horror movies when people split up in a house, right?"
if u ever need anybody, hit me up. I'm available most of the time
Come to , we can probably make that happen here.
Great catching up (while too brief). Looking forward to hearing more about your nomadic ways in August. Stay in touch until.
Just watched #Tron Digital eye-candy/glow-freak mind meltdown! Loved it!
Rollin Wit Da Roux to this Saturday 11-3!! DJ, outdoor seating and plenty of sunshine!!! "Truck Cluster"!
and even if i got some problems, its okay cause i blow 'em away
Time to study! :)
you mean an Irish whip wouldn't be more effective?
your vegan cupcakes are epic, so good to see you and everyone today!
Follow me. please. :D <3
Order has been restored to the universe. Giants 29, Jets 14
"Tychasm is clearly a 1st and Anacasm a 2nd in the Peircian evolutionary triad..." An actual quote from my paper. #Igetpaidtodothis?
"9th Company" - A Russian film based on real events that took place on Jan 8, 1989, on height 3234 in Khost province, Afghanistan.
Need a like button in Twitter. :) I so agree with this one. My husband has to be tolerant as well.
haha thanks, you're a pretty good drawer yourself :)
Americans are raised to blame the poor for being poor, and to honor the rich for doing what is necessary to be rich and stay that way.
Livejournal appears to be down right now. Hopefully it resurrects itself soon.
i dont wanna go ta work tomorrow
I think I'm nocturnal.
found him >>>
13 BANDS battle it out!! Starts at Noon in the outdoor stage. Non Stop Barbecue. El Pastor Restaurant. 570 Market St. Ironbound Newark
You're welcome!
Hope you both can make it out to #AFT!
thanks for the add
Ha, that's funny. I watch #Hoarders and then go clean out a closet too.
You are not a failure! The lessons of life are Pre-requisites for the blessings of life
I'm determined to get to 10k tweets by the end of this month
Someone's look for a barn wedding. Who should they contact?
RT Mixing stuff better than I've ever seen him RT If there is an award for biggest turnaround, Randy Wolf.
Please do!!
Beware the Status Quo, my son! The jaws that clench, the claws that catch! Beware the HoHum bird, and shun the complacent Draugr.
sounds good. You move to NYC? Running it in SF?
yea at practice, aren't you going?
The main people who talk shit about folks are the ones that have more problems than a math test..
oh yeah, I saw there stand when we went for the Red hot Chili peppers. They were closed though.
A5: To be a leader you must be visible.
When we are no longer able to change a situation... We are challenged to change ourselves.
We'll see you there!
pleasure to have you following me...
17 gm win streak & 18 gm win streak will play tomorrow in Knoxville! Come see some #WCWS caliber softball
NBD, Its a Ghost Baby
i got my region 2 Blu for 11 bucks on eBay.
You are seriously a great friend to Austin. Thank you for always being there for him <3
and way more dependable than other teachers/principals. I mean nothing against Mr. Belding, but he lacked depth.
Where the fuck is the tree
I showed him my Tazmanian Devil tat
You call a wonderful woman bro? Try using some class... bro.
If you get hung up on stuff you don't fully understand you are liable to be stung
glad to meet you and look forward to learning more John 3:16
I have said this 4 years. I call it the "sugar-baby diet". I don't understand either, but it happens to me too.
Hah..tweeting the answer as I was writing the Q. Ok, so that's the way to go...
Great day today We're unleashing a new product -The Unlimited #magnalogix platform just got better. Contact us to find out more 866.460.6611
Out and about today to get things done in the burbs. Diverged a bit for a little journey to the country & deli.
Please overlook the idiotic fans and their stupidity. Please know that not all of us are like that.
Aw, man, I am really looking forward to a little vacay. Maybe I'll even put a little dent in my 'to-read' list on !
I'm on my way to find you.
#np master p - pass me the green
hey.HEY! Ysleta has standards!
Ha. The librarians actually made some of my cakes. We took over the "teen area." ate, talked about The End, diabetes, etc.
Be honest. He wont but if Obama offers a plan with even slightest chance of reducing unemployment before election. Would Repubs agree to it?
Q3 How do you personally feel when someone affirms you & says “yes” to you? Explain...
I'd rather be with you, but you are not around. So imma call somebody else and see if they be down.
Murder bag
Don't work too hard!!
Jim Collins has my full attention. He wrote, "The critical distinction is not between business & social, but between great and good."
YOU'RE OLD!
I got a new dress for tomorrow, but wait til you hear why...
Word Nerd Factoid: The study of the nature of values and value judgments is called axiology.
I remember when did #Constanciochange (:
My legs looks beautiful in my red skirt :p
Actually most are, even the ambitious ones, like myself. We want everything now and we do as little as we can to be honest.
Had a great workout today, a fun, healthy lunch with my BFF afterwards, and got my resume out to 2 more prospective employers. Life's good!
lol naw makes class funny , go by faster
I thought he called a foul for a push off.
Dis smoke is so loud my neighbor asked me to turn it down!
WHAT?! I can't STOP listening to it! Mighty Breath of God? Show me Your Glory? The breakdown at the end of My Soul Longs for You?
": Pussy shouldn't be dirty like what I'm drinkin shawty" Already Bruh when you gone fuck with us
not that I think all TRS fans are dumb but you get it I think hahaha.
i bet looks amazing! thanks for the update! did you find a dress?
RT And Follow Back If You Love Your Fans!! I Will Always Support You Till The End!! #Belieber Forever xoxo #NeverSayNever 3
#BOYFRIEND10DAYS :) woo, can't wait *__*
Hahahah is gonna regret that phone call he made 😂
ur funny ma!!!!
Aw Guys Thanks for Following me Thanks you so much
If you drive in reverse, it should take the miles off the car.
EVERYONE FREE inside Club Empire Tonight! & in the building!!! - Whut up?!?!
section 215 row P
RT : Is there a horse that has even a 50% idea of what's going on here? If so, that's the one I'm rooting for.
My goodness, just shut your fucking mouth!
3 Bookings on 3 different shows all in 1 day!! I like these numbers!! Keep the good juju coming!!
haha yah i guess its just the mystery butt for now....
My NEW video Transa - Behind the Sun (Time Lapse Version) is COMPLETE! After 16hrs and 58 Minutes... Getting ready to upload it to Youtube!
:( Unfortunately, school midterms are a priority this week and I just couldn't work around it. Hope you had fun there, though!
The Autism 200 class offered by the Autism Center this evening is canceled due to weather.
It's Brittany Bitch
Football season hurry!!!!
Yes, now enjoy your Facebook wall.
Persistently ignore any thought that says you “can’t do it” and engage thoughts that tell you can!
When are you back in the office? I have a wonderful book on CHIA I think you'd be into. lol Hot off the presses.
This has been the most interesting study hall. Santa Clause 2, Raising Hope, The Office, & The Addams Family (: #Christmas 
Wow really? Today 5 years on Twitter: , , , &
Bye bye Kyle!!! Nice!!
if yall dont mind please follow my friends n .. thanks if yhu do ..!!!
thanks for the follow! If you're in the Charlotte area, you should enter our Twitter contest! :)
I dare you to favorite this tweet! ;)
Rain = Free car wash day
Schools and offices will be closed Friday, April 6 for Easter. Have a great weekend!
how did you get that gig? Does it pay well?
wish I could. I'm soaking up the sun in fla! Have a blast!
I/you are responding to y/our own tweet to remind yo/us that you/we were sick, and those fitbit stats are okay.
Can I please send you my Spec of Parks & Rec? Current industry writers have read it and are raving. Thanks so much! JC Zorn
You will neva get rich trying to watch another persons paper.
"Leap, and the net will appear." John Burroughs
Thank you Baby!! Love you tons!!!
i meant to say but i messed up the name haha sorry
Celebrating the year that the albums that made the genre famous were released, for sure.
The rain got u wet now and if I keep on pushin u'Ll be cummin!!
Reading a copy of Isaac's Storm from the about the 1900 hurricane in Galveston as recommended by Totally absorbed.
looking for people to follow. Any suggestions? :)
Thanks for the request ! Start your day w/ a hot cup of 2mrw @ 9am. We'll be playing them throughout the day!
I want to see the pictures when you do--I promise to RT them LOLOL!!
#gwu, Try the sandwich and let us know what you think of it
And after reading that piece by , I'm seriously thinking about UNC-Asheville.
#Charlotte is killing it again today. Record high temp! Loving #northcarolina... Minus its terrible drivers
Let me know if this tie gets too tight. And what did you say your safe with was?
hey follow me plz thanks lol
u are the most AWSOME 11 year old in the world !!Sincerly , ever 11 year old in the world!! Your a big inspiration! Thx 143
Very true! Great posting!
Its on 79th Street btw Amsterdam and Broadway, called Blondies.
First of all, prayers to the family of the late Mike Wallace..awesome journalist..
Today's Isla Earth Radio Program was produced by the Catalina Island Conservancy, because Earth IS an Island
“We designers, we don’t work in a vacuum. We need business people. We are not the fine artists we are often confused with.. .”
I can't believe my time will be over very soon.
Sometimes u just gotta take a deep breath, let go, & trust that God has your back & Life is unfolding as it should."
Tonight AXIS RADIUS fashion show!!! Hit me up for table reservations or guest list @ (602)882-0317 TONIGHT $100 BOTTLES!
if someone back stabs you, they weren't really your friend in the first place.... I'm here if you need to talk (:
Heath Schuler (maybe spelled wrong??)
send my regards! Haha
Don't dwell on if you're a loser, embrace it
FAITH! I have it...and I will make it through this next leg of the semester. I believe, trust, and know that this to shall pass. :)
can't wait to see you guys!
Of course. And then they get that LOOK as I try to explain it really was broken 20 minutes ago.
So far you are the best local news tweeter I've seen. Some of the others are very inconsistent-- you seem wired. Good work!
You're just somebody that I used to know.
No duty is more urgent than that of returning thanks. ~Ambrose of Milan via MT
Two things you should do before end of year. 1. Read #Rework and 2. Go see #MI:4
don't tell me our youth is running out
“: Tonight on #Conan, and I have a civilized interview. And then one of us smashes Andy in the face."
well we still haven't gotten off the ground after an hour of delay. Missed our lay over flight due to this
she is going to be fine. she has a great support system at home and friends going there too. it's a good school.
Thanks for sharing! Will I see you at the content strategy meetup on May 21? Content migration, woohoo!
Congrats to friend on her move to #WCBS. Big time! Saw it was official. Super excited for you!
Really wanna dance like a skank to ... But I think I'll study some definitions Instead.
Detroit RedWings vs Preds in game #3 at noon today. At the game? Mindfield produced the game-opening video experience. #GoWings !!!
If you can't deal with haters you should get out of the game
I'm litterally sick with excitement of how great this Summer is going to be.
I'd participate in an #educoach book chat over the summer. : )
Why stop at women? Minorities too.
LOL the cheeseburgers not an orgy
Fun secrets re: how to operate and manage in a #ROWE let loose in the next book! Well, I'll let them loose, but not you...
Never knew it took so long to make a milkshake....
Olive garden. My fave. M
He doesn't. “: And 4 lefties in the bullpen now. If Ohman counts as a major league reliever.”
Ate chicken nuggets from mcdonalds after the JB movie last night!;)
Congratulations to you too! Thank you for all your creative work on this project!
No human wisdom or understanding or plan can stand against the Lord
There is a special place in Hell reserved for musicians who uses autotune to distort their voices in songs.
Agh. I got my Jay Shaw Kill List on ebay for only $20 more than the sale price. Got lucky
Robert Shiller UK is in trouble due to another GDP decline and continued AUSTERITY, headed there next wk for a talk
Sick of people who constantly talk about how great they are..
Palmer has 42 secs to close the score.
Will give u a call tomorrow. Would be cool to catch up.
So who wants to buy me a team jersey?!
: We have two adult and a baby bunny here. It's cute...until they eat the gardens! ;)
still puzzling about all the hit and runs... where did the kindness go?
OH: thats not hate, thats foreplay.
All the cute girls be at wet seal
MT : Dr Christine Cassel we need better educated consumers 2 make new recommendations on excessive medical tests work
Spurs get the "W" looking good.
Why Top Chef Is Bad for Gastronomy
#OnlyYouCan make me laugh like nobody else, which is why we're together, because we get each other
How 'bout the SF Commune loc just stay secret? I'd rather be limited to #imagining folk getting food & shelter than film them get arrested.
I think social media could probably tell you interesting things about hardcore partisans' feelings
Peyton's asked me if I wanted to come, so I decided that I wanted to be the third-wheel.
RT Build up your weaknesses until they become your strong points. Knute Rockne
Drove a 3 mile stretch of road in Howard County this a.m. and saw only 2 driveways w/o recycling bins out - kind of awesome
When i harshly judge myself, I will choose to see through eyes of love. My own negative self-talk is the only thing standing in my way.
Got a phone call from my mom saying we are getting a new dog :) Hella random though
Can't even be mad at anyone but myself.
scramble with friends is way cooler than words with friends
I told you we knew each other when we were little.! Haha.(:
Big Mac w/ Fries FTW :x
Trying to find a link to a vid of doin' that faux Guy Ritchie flick from LOL.
wta it do dont tell them i talk to u im stell on the shit list but jest wonted to say hi and
Explain libel to me on the Internet you dumb fucks.
I need to start my economics final !!
Don't feel like cooking tonight? Buckets of wings await you at Quaker Steak & Lube...
Looking forward to starting 's "What I Saw and How I Lied" for my YA Book Club.
Totally! Anybody doing live projected Twitter/Blog feeds on the wall?
About to smash bis and tris with and Charlotte Quillen.
blessings and happiness to you always...
What keeps me going is goals. - Mahummaad Ali
Milan blew it from very START of season, no decent result against any top opposition in Lge, major injuries worse than UTD easily
Enjoy! Thanks again for using ShowClix :)
lol yea u might need a bottle for the room
is a good friend of mine. Runner/triathlete and reporter for Buffalo News, covers Bisons and loads of other sports.
thank you! weird sisters indeed. so not a fan!
....paperweight not only in weight but performance. It's like Apple's Ive recently stated that competitors compete on wrong points
Have you read the transcripts or listened to the oral arguments today? Feel free to sound off
A big shout out to Donald Trump & Michael Cohen for overturning petty prejudices that get in the way of Peace and Harmony!
I'm getting my sides shaved this week. I need a new change.
// I am! I started working at Creature in Jan. I hope to meet you soon
Please realize you can't control certain situations so don't get so upset all the time!
I'm so tired. worked all day :)
this it's the results of believing in the people and american worker.go obama
Jeff beck Strat in surf green!
grimey gates next flight bro
The COMPLETE list of Oscar nominees!
When telemarketers call, I pick up and hand the phone to my two year old daughter. Hilarity ensues.
Ebonee I did respond! My it was funny as hell
"No bite marks no scratches and no hickies"
Yo, I’m such a sight to see I turn a hater to a tourist The way I order Rose, I turn a waiter to a flourist
haha its true!!
lol! I know bro, I thought he was on the road back but it appears he is still far away.
My experiment in puff pastries with veggies and baked egg turned out really well. But we were too hungry to photo so I just have to...
Never! How have you been?
BTW isn't home. We aren't having twitter conversation from opposite sides of house. Tonight, anyway.
Gop All vote | only know lock-step. They follow | #Wiunion is united and not just in name to #DEFEATWALKER #Wisconsin #Democratic Spring!
gorgeous as always.
“The key to the family culture is how you treat the child that tests you the most
I'm watching
Lot's of people ran up stairs today
Study & Homework all day!!! THATS WHAT I DO... IF ya wondering!
Beautiful day in #Portland! Looks like summer has finally arrived!
Forecast for Friday Night: Partly cloudy in the evening. Becoming cloudy. Patchy fog overnight. Lows 55 to 61.
I love hotels!
archives internship this spring = one very happy me!
Palm Beach County agency offers sessions on getting hospitality industry jobs - Palm Beach Post
Finished editing prologue to book and now immersed in Part I; amazed at what a short break will do for my editorial perspective
Quit playing men.
I see! the 2nd time around there may be more, so maybe I should give it another try
Final result, we're going to go South. We're going to go North first tho. -red line announcer
Maple Bacon donuts are on board today!!! Yummy
National Corporate Research is now on Twitter! Follow us for industry news and updates about our services!
Shooting range was fun
SOX: Per NESN's , INF Pedro Ciriaco was in the #RedSox clubhouse in Kansas City after the game. Expect something today.
Dear rich people paying #KMart layaways around the country: I will be at #Target on #SantaMonica Blvd today with many things I can't afford.
damn..i woke up and my head hurt from all those pin-curls. well i'm finn'a take 'em out..gunna be interesting.😳
"If you don't see yourself as a winner, then you cannot perform as a winner."
I had a crazy dream that my crazy ex and I were friends again. This insanity must stop!
maybe later be with the hubby. <3
Rockin in the Free World
RT!! Yo people is playing at The Ottobar on Tuesday Oct 18 then you can go to #EDMSWAG Tuesdays at Mobys with
THANK YOU
Who just told me to text them?
I will 👍We've been talking about this photo shoot for years now lol
#Friday #bumping TIP
I really wanna go back to california
..but i still love Live for composition-it is so quick and easy to create within, and has great effects.
The shoot went well
My throat is killing me!
indeed my boy indeed
The San Diego #SustainableFeast is happening until 3pm today at Liberty Station!
Cadence Named a Winner of the Prestigious UBM Electronics ACE Awards in the Software Ultimate Products Category
I do. I haven't had a chance to dig deep. It looks very promising.
GOOD MORNING!!!! How's Monday, peeps? Anything new & exciting happening?
Thanks for following us! Were up in Milawukee at Red Rock on March 16th!
I'm the worst. Just got 16bbs in w JJ on a Q high board when I raised pre. Def could've folded. He flatted behind w AA.
"Too many cameras and not enough food... this is what we've seen." Posted on #ZenyattaMondatta by About 30 years ago
love the view from #rampagesuite. Thanks do much
thanks babe you brightened up my day too
the ticket was expensive. There was a fee of 30 something dollars which is crazy. About 200 ish
I saw you pop out from up under the bed
nice! Wish my job had company picnics! :-)
I love strawberries <3 I want some chocolate on thew rite now !!
We did as well. Pretty nuts line at 9pm. Wonder how old that gets for the neighbors...
fingers and toes crossed MLB doesn't appeal the appeal...
today in NY! I'm not sure who I'm wrestling yet but I never back down from a fight!
Brian here with Would love to talk app dev.
Back atcha pretty moms!
i hate those nights when i can't sleep. i'm definitely gonna regret this in the morning. :c
The Miseducation oF Mikey
Almunia is out of contract
#Johnson'sBaby best spot tonight.
sure but I'm also talking to jack , call
I spy..someone with a foot fetish. Lmao this girl took off her wet shoes on the train and this guy is staring at her feet&licking his lips..
Many excellent vinyl purchases were made today at Steady Sounds in RVA.
Albon: Mobile tech is never the end product, good governance is the product. Pair new tech with traditional means
I imagine they're uncomfy, too.
Fenway park was amazing! Salem was scary, and watching Johnny English with on the train was funkin hilarious
I almost just had a nigga moment at work in the office ...
Workout complete! Burn Circuit 1 today. Sweaty mess not time to hit shower...
sorry. i've been extremely buisy like i said. hold on :)
Yes, I am once again tweeting about the beauty of Blackboard's rubrics. Because I could NOT be more of a nerd.
Yayy #twitterlessAnge finally has a Twitter!!:)
I have the similar problem with you due to my dog. I think you'd better put the charger away from your pet.
Portland show is July. We'll be there 2x this summer. I'll get you details and contact info for our friends. Pumped for you.
Feels like this adderal has finally wore off, goin to try to sleep for a couple hours, exam at 11. Can someone call and make sure I am awake
Corey: Zimmerman's lawyer will be allowed to request bond.
Happy Birthday
DON'T BELIEVE EVERYTHING YOU HEAR,BUT BELIEVE YOUR EYES
i can. Without a mirror too..
How about creating Mom's own permanent State Fair Meeting Place with a personalized brick. Visit www.wsfpfoundation.org
I'm the Same Way!! I tweet What I want on here! But Not on my Personal!
see that right there? That's my dignity, stuck in the pit. Whatta you think? 9-iron? Wedge? Eh...f**k it. Let's get wrecked.
sigh...there you go again. I need to make your recipe this week!
I completely agree. What amazing thing can you do?
#SPRING is getting closer!! Who is ready to get out the #Powersport vehicle??
Got a complimentary comment on a #LibGuide over the weekend. So nice of the student to take the time.
yes, but i'm at home today bc i'm ill :(
Me talking to people: "Let's make artsy stuff!" from the other side of the room "Woo!"
It's Crazy That You Feel That Way. But Yet Here I Still Am.
True but I thought we mostly had to in that league.
You sound pissed.
You too, Dave! When are you back in SoCal?
Hey, buddy, give me an "Adam Ward is hard at work on Thursday afternoon" pic. Let's see it.
That's my nigga though
aha k thanks baby girl;) come round like er 2ish?
"Teachers matter." -President Obama
Life is too dear, do not ruin it.
“: I miss you guys ” we miss you too!
We'll hope the wait list comes thru has not had the pleasure of dinner there so lets plan it.
And… Mat Latos just one-upped Mike Leake. LF corner to same spot in RCF. Leake was throwing about 50 feet from third base.
SHUT UP bitch lol :D
I've given up trying to look like I'm paying attention in this class...
I don't give a shit about the shit ____ people say.
Freakin' sweet! My pictures from Warrior Dash are ready. Trying to figure out which would look best on my desk next to Silverbolt.
this guy is making #castle look silly
We received a nice review 2day: Great item / great quality. It's actually a gift for my mom for Christmas, and I am sure she will love it.
welcome! How long you here for?
6th grade: Beat you up, rack yer sneakers and yer skateboard. The good ol days. Smashed a kids face with the truck of my board back then.
Sahar's going
OLPC laptop designed by the current #bib11 speaker! OLPC now has a tiny plug in book server that stores 1000s of e-books-500 can use at once
Happy Mothers Day to the best woman who carried me for 9 months in pain who loves me and always will I LOVE YOU MOMMY!!! <3
Travel day to Washington, DC for IMLS grant review panel tomorrow
For managing to get paint on your bra while wearing a shirt & the brand is Lime Crime Makeup the website is limecrimemakeup.com
hey :) how are you doing?? Are you going to start Live to Dance again?? :D
Obama will give his nomination speech in a state where gay people are second-class citizens in part because he didn't lift a finger.
Can anyone take me to school today?!?!???????
i'll try to keep twitter updated.
i just got attacked by a huge fucking beetle and i screamed and cried and ran and stripped any my neighbors are such assholes
Your callin other dude pretty as if you're not LOL!!
I just direct messaged you.
Earth Wind & Fire SB Halftime 2013!!!!!!!!!!
Keep hacking away, my friend. There's not a good poet who hasn't gone through these spells a dozen times.
Yeah but security was after me and there were meddlers I never liked that show and always hated Howie and Sharon a real bunch they're dicks.
I remember when I went to Italy with my mother & grandmother, we never knew who the guys were hitting on
I'm "ME" & sorry but there's NO WAY you can change that about me & I damn sure don't care if you like it or not
What doesn't kill you makes you StRoNgEr
Sky8 is reversing direction. There's another powder scare downtown @ sw 3rd & Sheridan on our way
Hey I love you more :-))
hey...another 3 and out
Pros and Cons: A Fantasy Football Movie premieres May 17th at the Angelika Film Center, Mockingbird Station, Dallas, Tx SCOTT ROSS, ExecProd
I'ma knock down yo' fortress of loneliness, nigga! (Might be a tweet.)
Surprise event: 1Miami at is at Sen. Marco Rubio's office demanding action on jobs.
Lmaoo like twitter is some exclusive club and shit RT : People really be on that "don't tweet me if you don't follow me" shit.
i love finding $40 in pants i havent worn in a week. win!
Aye Bro I Bet She Gon Block Yu ANY MINUTE! Lbvs
he's my hero
Yup. I've been keeping an eye on it for the past two years. However, BT's solution (as shown) is overkill IMHO.
Did they say they're singing Paradise by the Dashboard Light on Glee?
yes sometimes life is to glamorous for words
that dat shit bright was sing when he got his ass rocked
Someone pleas tell me what happens to all of the lost chapsticks in the world?? I've never finished one...so WHERE do they go??
What you doing Bff?
Be thankful for the little things that you have!!
why is that?
Cooking Chinese. More difficult than it seems! Will probably order Chinese food.
Happy Birthday !!! Hope you have a AMAZING DAY! Enjoy! Love ya! #Mahomie <333
RT : The teach in was amazing tonight....
My baby made me the best smoothie last night: strawberry, English cucumber, coconut milk, & a lil sweetener. Tasted like honeydew melon!
haha that is the funniest thing ever
THIS! RT : For the love of God and all that is holy stop saying "the black bloc" like it's some kind of bloody club.
About to have a preview with company members! #behindthescenesoneill starts now!
So tell my why AMDA's "reality show" is filming my Stage Combat class today...there's only like 3 of us in this class though!! -_-
Goal setting is easy, is the doing part most people don't do.
wait sorry, got confused for a second there! I think we're the only ones who didn't get to talk to him haha
“Let us send a message to government. NO MORE standing for empty promises. NO MORE backdoor deals. NO MORE wasteful spending. NOT...
When I get a kitty, (cough, cough ) I think I'm going to name it after my first cat ever, Sparkle Bows Sparkles. Even if it's a boy.
okay! I'm sending a few of my doc students your way!
I think everyone should follow them too THEY ARE AWSOME!!!
#uword the right attitude in the church
It has been a busy start at #BlueRock to the new year! How have you been?
I can smell the hopelessness from here! :) have a great time wtih Derek. Stake says haiiiiiiiii
So the presentations in my conflict mngmt class made everyone cry. Topic? Forgiveness
Disappointed in myself. #SoloAndEnsemble 😢
I totally forgot that Jesus resurrecting today was gonna mess up my travel time to the city! -_-
Yay for me! Im Twittering! lol
That's okay. ChaCha still loves you and we'll always take you back. *Prank your idiot friends! Get
& "knuckleheads" “: . Translation: Bealefeld's exhausted”
Reality bites
Frank Ocean's Lony Breaux Collection is to long..holy shit.
Living in SF I see a blurred line between hipster and hippie. Not the kind of hippie my mom was though. The bad kind.
Why wasn't the new 3 Stooges movie released in December so it could qualify for Oscar consideration?
can't wait!
Today I had the privilege of looking at 5 apps in private beta. All were pretty amazing and all launching in June. Its about to get crazy
"Let It Go" love the beat and the features!
I was playing WWE 12 on Monday as when Brock Lesnar came out (I won) and I was like "what if?" then it happened!
Wilco's new album, "The Whole Love" is amazing.
ok its coming soon!! #staytuned :)
i dont think i could live without skittles!!!!
that has been my favorite song since I first heard it.
Found out a friend is getting a divorce. She was just married a few years ago. Life isn't like the fairy tales. No happily ever after.
": Today was my last day doing everything.. Last day going to school and riding the school bus" • :(
I'm anxious to see Marvel's The Avengers.
summer lovin had me a blast, summer lovin' happened so fast
just because someone made it father than you, doesn't mean they're better than you.
LOUD NOISES!!
did u say u wil see it or u cant see it
how do i get your fan mail address ? <3 15
Your very welcome! Where you from bro? :)
the guitar you did for was amazing! Love you both!<3
Great show last night!!! The AJO and our Honor Band kids take the stage tonight!! Come to the ABQ Museum (Old Town) @ 7pm!!!!
Did you know you can subscribe to an RSS feed of our News, too? Just click the RSS feed button at the top by Library News!
Flynn still visiting Seattle?
I'm done getting cute for this city ... You can catch me in some leggings and a jacket
Massive TiVo fail (the killing s2e01)
#NFB sexy ass thick ass :)
Just stubbed my toe on a concrete stair. bloody stair jumped out of nowhere. and i was wearing flip flop sandals.
Stay safe mi amigos
Im Doing great!!!! Anything new Happening?
Dude keeps walking people but yet Rolen swings at a 2-0 pitch. Bruce swings at crap and now Hanigan swings at the first pitch! #WTF!
I miss my bestfriend. :(
Movie time with
Get that first win tonight! I'll be in the fieldhouse on Saturday to watch you guys tie it up!
You know when your life seems pretty good but then something comes in and is so great that all those "good" times before suck now?
OH NO... Let me check into that...
Congrats to for winning our dinner for 4 from our #WineRev giveaway! Please check out our Facebook page to claim your prize.
Uncanny Tanney: YouTube sensation gets shot with Buffalo Bills ...
I cant decide if that's the best or worst plot twist ever....
Fat ppl lose talent when they lose weight. See Oprah, Luther Vandross, Monique, Cedric The Entertainer, Fat Joe, etc....
Minor detail.
Mary if you follow and you will get info on #cstweetups next one 5-29 McCabes 5-7
#thanks for an offer to help this week! Mine is basic: get back to conversation. How can you help? quick chats through the week :)
Glad you posted that. I didn't realize they had released instagram for android yet. Knew it was coming just didn't know when.
Looking forward to meeting SOS Grimes on Tuesday. Could be a eventful day in Frankfort!
Gorgeous night with Pat Bell and the ICI at BES!
Buhbye Returned you to store after 36 hours. Hello
RT : Follow my evil twin
my fantasmic CD as well as my 2006 Disney hoodie! :)
Ok....How is everybody doing today?Hopefully your monday hasnt been as crappy as mine haha
Great post on the Porsche tribute, amazing photos
Good morning all - thanks for supporting our free shipping event over the weekend
Lanham: Elbow's new book "promises to be a humdinger, so go out and buy it. After you buy mine, of course."
- We'd love to co-host a #furchat and discuss the "Digital Dog Park" - how do you send and receive info with your dog peeps online?
So many loved ones are passing. My faith is shaken.
That's true, donate it to a nursing home if you don't like it. The old ladies will love it. :-D
1100 bands .... we keep rocking!
I think it's about time to get a girlfriend :P
What's good everyone
get out, hailey.
Awesome. Thanks man.
: Watch out, friends. It's a vortex of awesome that you can't escape. Trust me, I know.
Leadership involves communicating peoples worth and potential so clearly that they are inspired to see it in themselves.
good idea will do that as well.
": Then I had another dream that I finally got to meet my grandpa on my dads side, I woke up crying."aw yu okay
WE NEED PICTURES OF YOU ALL DRESSED UP! <3
Nice to serve you and your family! RT“: #dinner was great luv havin sunday dinner with my huney n kiddos:)
u can not fight love ....... so why are you doing that ...
Have a lovely morning and a loved filled day!
Lol yea she said u can add her if u want :P
Early meeting. Better than a late meeting the day before a holiday, I guess.
It's great! MT : Have I mentioned how much I love the online #Autism/ #Aspergers community? B/c I do. Thank you for existing.
im sorry, how come you didnt come to school?
Happy homebrew day! Heading to soon for some grain and yeast
#ShbeeepT.. Perfect not Prefect!!
haha thanks! i wrote it myself!!
In VA's eyes, all the wars since 1990 are categorized as the Gulf War and are lumped together
nope. Not until about 3 or 3:30 a.m.
I hate time difference, other mahomies are still sleeping and I'm just like "yoohoooooo"
correction... They sucked last night! Ugh
yes lols. What about the smell of garages ?
hopefully the winner is the dude with the car burning in the parking lot! He's going to need it!
Hey Pat what you think about the pacers 11-4 start? How do you think they will do in the playoffs?
Off my case, Laptop Face
All I have within me, I give You praise. All that I adore is in You. Lord I give you my heart, I give you my soul. I live for you alone!
I think there's some1 4 evry1 jus keep an open mind and heart.
Celebrating my birthday at the Edison tonight! Stop by and have a drink with us!
RT if you love giraffes
Nice page :3!
Tonight we have a TV dinner date with the Country Music Awards. What Are your plans?
Creating a cartoon crab for a beer label. What a fun gig!
Word is: The #BigEast will rename itself to Conference WTF!
we all got angels, we all got demons.
Thanks! Super tiny...such a trip. So cute. RT : congrats! He's tiny!
Bad sex is not the same as disappointing sex on
your funny
RT : Dear Las #Vegas #LVIMA members...the Board is meeting now :) LOTS being discussed for the greater good of the organization!
"The Defenseless Defenders"
Solo date - an embarrassment of riches. Loved Steiglitz's photo collection and new American Wing.
#KatyandRussell are getting a divorce!? Oh well, she could do so much better than him. He's disgusting lolol
You can't be what U wish to be,Why are U angry when others are not what U wish them to be?
I hope it rains tomorrow  
Exactly at 9:53 Ima drink red wine with cheap perfume Nd hold that whisky up high for
It's Cold In This Housee .
Sorry you are not even close! Ha! Just love helping a #Buffalo #Realtor friend with her #marketing cc:
Who's everyone pulling for at Doral this week? My money is on Keegan Bradley. He's a grinder
going to eat then get ready fory banquet later
Finally bought the vow!
Downside of sharing a kitchen, cleaning up after other people, I think the juice person was here before me making a sticky mess. Ick
"The world is round and the place which may seem like the end may also be only the beginning." -Ivy Baker Priest
BusinessOwners"they will understand their business in greater depth & finer nuance than the avg. intellectual will ever understand anything"
Shit could get weird, unless they all down.
Dental hygiene gets more expensive every day.
Madden is the shot I fucking hate call of duty I suck.
Eating great food at salt and pepper hole in the wall.
sometimes my imagination is too wild
Math, shower then bed. Night guys. <3
any thoughts on chicago?
Thanks for the shoutout!
Welcome the North American Fighting Championship to Twitter!! Milw debut Sat April 3 @ WI State Fair Park. UFC & WEC vets battle WI's best.
Focusing on the task at hand! This was meant to be!
That's foul how the Spurs using the "mob deep" theme music after the Knicks bench called their-self mob deep. And Jenobli hit the 3
It's always fun hanging with you and . cc
`Hunger Games&#39; heroine Katniss makes archery cool for kids, minus the hunger and killing stuff
The surest way not to fail is to determine to succeed. Richard Brinsley Sheridan
Revenge, nah I'm too lazy. I'm just gonna sit here and let karma fuck you up.
Quality begins on the inside... and then works its way out. -Bob Moawad
Just hit 441 followers. The confetti cannon is about to go off in my living room.
States Diverting Mortgage Settlement Money to Other Uses Some states are diverting their share of a $2.5 billion they were awarded in a m
where did ya pick up that nifty akill
I was mocking someone on youtube who thought that was true u idiot
LOL we always laughed at that story. My Dad would tell it all the time. Yeah...don't know what they thought when they found it.
i freaking hate KOBE he's to cocky but he's a great player..
Im literally laughing at you
Jesus -____- you better tell a cop to stay at your house
It's National Kiss Day.. someonee give me kiss :D
#InMiddleSchool - "Hey BT, you going to the Sabres game?" "blah blah blah blah blah hahaha Sabres"
why do you have twitter!!?
We set a date to film the Shades of Purple video, SO EXCITED!!
Mongolia was a cracker....pretty open where you go to the loo when out on the steppe! Got some great footage, not of the loo trips
You don't have to put your fingers in it
Sweet isn't as sweet without the sour.
we wish man. In the future though
#ShitNobodySays man I love drama!
ill take a picture for you :)
For proper flossing/brushing videos and great info about dentistry, check out ada.org... www.kravitzdental.com
Hahahaha I think that word belongs on your wall. Yeah..fields is outdated. He'd be a lot better....on the bobcats.
#sxsw if you weren't standing in a dumb line right now. Where would you be? Let's meetup there.
cool thanks! I dont know Supermen Lovers or Midnight Juggernauts I don't think. Do you dropbox (it like its hot)?
ion do musi wit niggas no more b. ion know what to tell ya.
I hope so!
Can't tell me I dnt look yung for my age. A damn police slowed dwn jst to ask why I'm not in skool. Puhlease I graduated 2yrs ago.
Only thing i think im missing out on at cchs is a good time at prom with old friends but its whatever enjoy yourselves guys!
- - it looks like #Kurt nailed it in the #NYADAauditions! :) Now let's hope #Rachel does the same :)
QUESTION: How many true heroes have you encountered in your life?
Welcome to twitter!!! BTW - nice to see you last weekend! Felt like I never left.
Omg I wish Yunah didn't move..
writing, writing, writing... feels god
I'm not hitting anyone's phone first anymore...if u need me u kno my number
this is a way of thinking. kids can get thru discussion
Woohooooo for guilty pleasures!!
Call me stuppid .. But just learn that has its own account!!! o.o
saved buddy.
Researching content for a LibGuide
I would love some pizza from dominos and a nice icy beverage...
This is why I have very low expectations of most people.
Madison teacher David Wasserman testifies he was among 20 members of public removed from Gov. budget address after 1 of them booed.
SeeMail shows your responsiveness to email across contacts and time (personal informatics workshop)
RT : President told ABC News today: "I think same sex couples should be able to get married."
Dear Santa Claus, The application process for recording Christmas songs needs an added category: -Naughty -Nice -Douchey
Lol. Que horrible!
Meeting with the wonderful folks at today, lining up some wonderful events for the winter...stay tuned!
Time to go wash my slab x)
Possible strep throat
oh man....hahaha....enjoy that train ride!
yes I'm safe thanks!
Pattycake, pattycake, a bacon man, mixitall up grille it in a pan=bacon cakes.....uummmm good!
Who's cool &' never notices me. (: HEHE. <3 yepp he's cool.
So little bears has that name because hes little?? whats his name when hes all grown up?
more pathetic is when the refs go to the monitor to look at an out of bounds call, etc.& they get a worse look due to the feed
So, I shall remain in day job data entry purgatory?!
OMG just got back from hawaii SO jet lagged
Going too HAM right now at the gym lol
Classroom is starting to come together. Walls still need to come to life
Wanna collab with us ? Just email us
Ight good! And thank ya: )
thankyou so much :D
Say something kind to someone today!
It is official...Britney Spears and Demi Lovato are the new judges on The X Factor
Couldn't sleep last night so I know I made Fred Randolph and Brandon Etzler proud by surfing YouTube endlessly...:-)
“Chicago DJ Network” added all my tracks to their network list. www.chicagodjnetwork.com
Seeing #7D and #c300 footage side by side is shocking
I wish milwaukee allowed beach bonfires.
Moving back to Berlin soon. I almost forgot about German bureaucracy.
you are number 99 out of 100 my friend
Had a great time making 8 young ladies' dreams come true tonight with &
I live a block from the rr tracks. Long freight trains every night.
I used to have the hotest dance for "Kiss Kiss".I performed it infront of my dad & he made me apologize to God.
All Eight teams in the East will have a winning record...Great to see for a change #GoKnicks...Better seed than last lockout
We're documenting the process to help make future events super productive.
I know! Finally! I hope we get to see each other again soon!
The difference between a successful person and others is not lack of strength, or lack of knowledge, but lack of will. Vincent T. Lombardi
Families of Bulger's alleged victims, as well as his former associates, share their feelings on his arrest. At 5:30 on
is sleepless in Chicago!!! Second night in a row.
early morning java shift
Hey, I know how to sew on a button! I was just reading the manual for my machine.
Yeah...Beautiful country!!!
Story change. On my way to Douglas County to ask more about the Nuggets' Birdman investigation
“: id say its a spending prob for more than ppl think.” Maybe, but relative wages have dropped a lot since 1980.
Tailgating for one of the worst teams in the nation.... Fun after parties fun... Lunch with best friends parents bad idea
WHAT IS IT?!
chilln. Bn bck on my grizzly since we talked. When u ready tho
Shut up! :P I'll push your ass off.
Vitucci's with
Looking forward to the Kentucky Derby. I'm pulling for "Eden's Moon" mainly because I think that would make a fine title for a tune.
Thanks for this, it's something I've always wondered.
whats Y.O.L.O. to a buddhist
I find it very hard to resist freshly baked chocolate chip cookies. If near they have a tendency to being eaten. Okay. Just this one.
So much fun. Also, thanks for the MeFi account. I need to hurry up and graduate so I can spend more time there.
yes, i love it here :)
Wait until the kids discover they can use an aerosole to get drunk quicker.
def want to adopt but not sure how the breed bans are in LA. Old roommates had pitt mix who I LOVED & miss everyday!
I hope I didn't come of like that. Your insights are appreciated! Keep it up! I never say things on here I wouldn't in person.
almost put me to sleep though :b
#HillerHelps - In #CollaborativeLaw people don't regret divorce and they don't have an antagonistic divorce.
bone thugs n harmony tonight .. some tickets are still available get em while they're hot
#el12ala - Does anyone know when our activities start on Friday 6/22?
a-port.Wish I had time 2 check out Swarovski store on concourse C to effect purchase of crystals for energy & protection on my journey.
OK this twitter addict has to put down the laptop and hit this gym!! Deuces peeps... be back soon!! #Blessings and celebrate life!! #Enjoy!
Cancer is Romance at its best
My favorite thing too do lately is drink some JD then hop I'n the whip put on -the ride & cruise too the club. I be faded....
-___- you know exactly when your coming yet?
Where ya going? ... I'm at Baltimore / Washington International Thurgood Marshall Airport (BWI) (Baltimore, MD) w/ 74 others
what Are you talking about I'm black?
It's Friday - set your spurs and ride 'er into the weekend!
so gosh dang pumped
just wanted to remind you that are the cat's meow,and i love yew.
going to see that animated fetish movie "Boots in Puss"
We're giving away another $250 gift certificate at Eva's Bridal on Oak Creek today!! March madness sale! Come see us!!
arthritis is kickin in, im a gametime decision sunday
I think I was born to be easily inspired by pretty much anything...& some say I'm random, but there's always a meaning.
I don't think I know that one. is that the reading rainbow song?
oh my gammit dont worry I bet u'll do fine in the future!!!!! :D
Vegan beef cant be beat yum yum yum
Oh ello you
Haha, isn't that the truth...
How you can shop for a living? I'll have to think about that. What are you doing now?
How did you get your #IGNITEDMC video up so fast? Are any others up?
The lively yesterdays are a past... The tranquil tomorrows are now at last...
cool i will hit you later tonight after rehersal...have a great day at the station FAM...lets get it..
thanks! Don't forget to check us out. W.StMongooseEnt.com
7 in double figures! Spurs starting playoffs very well.
Anyone on here got the new Xbox Live update yet? It hasn't rolled my way yet
RT : Amen to that!!! Safe travel today, and have fun! :) RT Thank God for another day!// Thank you!!
THX! RT : did you know RN is following both of us & are giving 100% of proceeds to save the dolphins in Japan.
for the presale.
I have been looking at this same sheet of paper for 30mins smh
mom just got mad at me for eating too much Nutella. . .
Girls, please use protection this month. U dont wanna be walking around 9 month preggers with a baby about to bust during the Apocalypse.
is making me hear a whole Steve Miller Band song. I hate my life.
RT : I feel like the art scene in Milwaukee is gaining incredible momentum, and it's really inspiring to be a part of it!
N. Sanon shares OIC Broward success stories about job programs, teen pregnancy prevention program and more on
when #thursdays are #fridays ;)
#clover machine is cool but I don't like how they only brew pike and force you to pay extra for bold now! :( it's the principle
If the good die young, what am I still doing here?
Hey get to go on a date with me.
Can't belive were losing!!! We got this Twins
I gave my dog peanut butter.. Lmfao!
Its 11:11 so I made a wish...
Rough morning does not bode well for a good day. Oh well at least it's Friday!!
#Thatawkwardmomentwhen your mom sees ya at the strippy lmaooo
' Taken as a whole, the Bible is about advancing as humans and as a society and choosing to be closer to the mercy and love of G-d...
Coin Tost. Broncos Pick Tails and Picks Recive. Broncos is getting the ball first and patriots defending left.
(c) of the lucky fans tht were caller 20 at the brown derby in albany. the radio station only told the 20th caller(c)
very. Ugh.... I don't like this. And I just splattered bleach all over my new black workout pants. Shoot me.
Awesome day spending time with my dad at the Oaks. Now mentally preparing myself for the Derby infield tomorrow with everyone
where are u????
;( he'll never follow me :( but I love him so much 💙💙
God is Good!
use ur #disruptiveimagination &create somthing that didnt exist be4. No, not by re-creating the wheel, but merely adding additional spokes
But minimalism's for me! (Hi Tara!)
#SXsacrificing lunch for this #LeanStartup session
Making pistachio encrusted tilapia...we'll see how it turns out.
I'm not tell far into it, but it feeds my insomnia! Get on it woman!
Wanna read something creepy? Jack Ketchum, The Girls next door. Jack is a BAD MAN! But a great writer.
watching Chris Bosh on FX
miss you :)
#thingsmenshouldnttextEachOther Put it in the hole...
Burn notice
the story is messed up.
I have returned from this Foo Fighters doc to let you know that there is footage of Bob Mould singing backup and it is fancy.
Sometimes I listen to Austin's KGSR because I miss the Thunderclouds Sub jingle.
I've said it before and I'll say it again, I'm always willing to bring you food for our rehearsals. It's the least I can do.
There's nothing better than a lady who supports her man being... A MAN! Big DOM salute to you!
hey! i'm the fella that's up in duluth for a month to learn/produce as much as possible (posted a few times on pdd).
me and you share the same name :)
I want coreanos. Please get up. Lolol
Killer day to b unemployed! Unmistakably hot out.
Thanks for the RT and mention :)
With daughter at Radys waiting for surgery. Getting a little ear tube work done.
jeez, call yourself creative?! cc/
smoking a blunt
I swear, it just reaches in and grabs your insides.
Plain water too boring for you to drink. Try adding lemon or lime to your water to get your hydration.
Phase II until I fall asleep 💤✌
Is it necessary to kno the history of Tupac nd Biggie if yu wanna be a rapper?..
I guess I'll go eat and watch The Hunger Games by myself . What else is new .
Coral Gables #advertising agency in search for an #ArtDirector. Please email your resume to
Hey women your Father is a King, doesn't that make you royalty?! You are valuable, precious and beautiful! Believe that!
So today is just a Tuesday. Yup. Just a Tuesday.
Let me introduce you to the nose whistle : If there is a more beautiful instrument than the violin, I've never heard it.
#C2C My favorite part about the holidays is spending time with family and getting to open all the awesome gifts! :)
"Somebody call a towetruck, cuz this a fucking breakdown."
people are funny..definitions and boundaries are human constructs that help us feel better about choices we make. life is relative to rt now
Join/Check" INSIDER" 4 psychologists who are players in San Diego's Fam.Law system like drs. Love & Steve Doyne Need to CHANGE this system!
thx u 4 supporting Ann Romney had a LOT of help raising those boys unlike most stay @ home moms!
Savings Tip: I don't even bother 2 u the washcloth just spray the softner (50/50) right on the clothes from the washer. works great
We would love to!!tell us more!!
Enjoying a laid back day in sunny Savannah GA
the cost per sleeve for sleeve ads are around 18 cents per sleeve for min order, distribution is free of charge.
Female Rose #tarantula lives ~ 20y. Male won't live much more than 2 b/c they stress, spend entire life trying to escape to find mate.
New vendor Oh,Olive! Is having a special #MothersDay sale through May! Come on and receive $2 off your purchase!
SE pdx RT : If you didn't tell me your location, and you heard the thunder... please let me know so we can add your community!
WTF is this damn thing?
“: love having the day off, don't love not getting paid!” What he said.
So when you're lost and you're tired, when you're broken in two, let my love take you higher, cause I still turn to you..
I don't even know who she is.. But this is hilarious
Thank you for the excellent learning session today You should teach somewhere, part-time of course. You're really good at it!
I really wanna go to reenos today with .i hope my bf is DTG cause seriously its been a while.
GET OVER IT IT IS WHAT HE DOES...
Teacher- Your paper should be 5-8 pages Long. Me- 5 Pages it is.
Hmm. I've never seen this type of thing before on this site, which I generally really like.
Now you tell me that there is a "proper" way to ride a bike on a balmy 40 deg North Central Day!!! pic.twitter.com/EBR76woj”
Just got off the phone with Almost started crying cause I miss her so much. Silsbee here I come.
Yeah. I've been avoiding smokers to avoid temptation. I'm still afraid I'll cave. But, you're right - giving crap goes nowhere.
Do you think you can do outfit of the day's on your youtube channel? =)
hire me!! I'll accept a Porsche Boxster as a signing bonus. Pre-owned is fine by me.
Coming soon, hilarious trailer for the new reality show, Al's Car Lot! We promise this is funny stuff!
Yeah, but reading the news each day, it's a new team he's going to. #sharks this morning but by afternoon who knows?
samee :( but I'm laying in bed and I dont wanna go all the way downstairs ahahha (:
true, but what about the intimidation factor? Who needs speed when the other team is worried about your mustache?
"If we are going to survive we need a news industry we can trust" - i.e. fact checking
Thanks for the follow! Hope to see you around on the OG website sometime!
hope everyone has a good safe day:)
Our trip to Brooklyn was culminated by seeing one entire building that had no graffiti on it.
Does Druple not offer the kinds of content management functionality of libguides? Why would a site need both?
Froggy Jet about to fly for a chance to win #FroggyFlyaway to
How cute--we'll never deny your Super Fan-ness!
Happy Birthday !!!
can I get in on those lessons? I was the one eating the dill chips all up in yo' faces yesterday, after all...
God Bless John Gomes. He knows TALENT!
and just blew me away!
I now have something to look forward to on Wednesdays= WANTED WEDNESDAY, thanx for making my Wednesdays Awsome!!
A big storm moved through Murray last evening, was south of my house but we did at least get some rain from it, some trees & bldgs damaged.
I'm ready to go home when is 4:00 comin
Gave a listen for the first time thanks to a social media recommendation from a friend. He's right: Katy Perry x F+tM
#NeverShouldYouEver forget your friends while in a relationship.
: Internet connection has incr (mobile, game console). Project 1 trillion connected devices & 143+ devices per person by 2013.
it would be lovely to see these peonies bloom. hopeful. such a kind gift.
shit was so real we had to split a slice of pizza..
More power to you, lady of gracious style and searing sexuality! X
Indeed.. I teach kids and they are so picky at times. But I get them to try as much as I can...
30m in the reg line for the 1500 and not even inside the reg room yet
Hey are you at the #CPShow hosted by ? Stop by our booth and enter to win a large screen TV!
Definitely. It's good to meet you, Kate! Give Asheville my best.
On my way to the Teller County GOP Central Committee Mtg. The citizens in Divide and nearby are starving for representation.
If you are interested in a job with us please contact us at .
Thank you for a beautiful evening of dinner, awards, and unity.
Always love watching Man U getting beaten , Destroyed I mean , Just a shame it was City that destroyed them , City are the real deal though
just sent my resume to the desert
let's connect for a coffee today in between women (wait, that didn't sound right) :D
Pitchers and catchers report in 13 days.
Miss you!!! P.S. We have been using you as inspiration for our photoshoots lately! ;)
If you didn't get my email, then email from the acct u used when you registered. Use subject line BOOMER.
If westernized economix does not adapt to 21st century we can expect the ultimate bankruptcy
half the truth is still a LIE!
when a buyers name popping up between different groups around the same time behind drugs that's police
“: Do you get nervous when your bank acct gets under $2000?” shit!! If I was I would through a party...
Good morning! What is the best holiday gift you've ever received? Why is it so special to you?
sorry didn't no I had sorry! Can do what I want is a free world :L
Laying in bed listen to music
tell him to follow bam!
BC party!! Whoop whoop LOL
“: “: I've only seen three of my classmates since graduation.” ):” Feel the same way.
New fantasy inspired watercolors soon to come to my etsy! Favorite shop now to see them added! W.shadowglacier.etsy.com
RT : RT : These are the final days to enter! Big Baby #Contest don't misses out...
I'm black cherokee mexican and native indian american
Pressure's on! You won't be disappointed RT I think this will be even better than last yrs. Psyched.
Grow big in Boulder with petite vegetables
congrats! :-D
announced as inaugural and major sponsor of
Please follow and let her know that i sent yu!!! thanks so muchchhhh
I get them too.
Haha cheers bud
What better way to relieve all your holiday stress than a spa day? Stop by the front desk & we'll help you choose one!
Congratulations on the promotion of Josh Brumm to #CFO, announced in bit.ly/w60ePW
Being sick when you work at the hospital must be ironic punishment. Don't worry, I am washing my hands a lot as usual.
Dont be concerned with whatz goin on in someone else's home,clean up ya own backyard first.
worked 15 hours, just wanna go home, but no.. gotta sit in a traffic jam on the highway. My car hasn't moved in 17 minutes. Ugh!
Well about 10:30 Lord she puts me in drive, turns all the lights down and man alive...
So cool to connect with you
lmao he wanted you :)
Dare to be yourself!
Good. glad it's not intentional
Showing love and support to your page!
i laugh with love
Chill day, finally get to relax 🌅🌴
me too I fuking hate that I love u
I'm so sober smh big problem lol. Who tryna kick it on this lovely Saturday
I know the statistics.
I am truly amazed that you think the letter behind someone's name is more important than a decade of honorable service.
": Does ANYONE understand why the Broncos are trying to trade Brandon Lloyd?">He openly hates Tebow and says Orton is way better
Is it supposed to.feel dis
haha yeah shes great. we always hit up angel games and i make fun of her team because im a sox fan nd weve owned them in oct
Not an idiot - just a masochistic #Mizzou #Chiefs #Royals fan.
Anybody wanna hang out with me I'm at
U guys (Bengals) keep ur heads up..knw that u have some prayng 4 ur succss. Be encouraged, u guys best days r ahead! Be blessed!
Thank you, Luv ... of course, you're not biased at all. *shaking head* nope. :O)
God bless the sanity of the person who wins the mega millions. at half a billion, they will need it.
Also, I really hope that the game companies are paying you... Because you are selling me on a LOT of games.
- all we need is for him to keep playing with this kind of intensity through the playoffs
I can't make it to work today, because the fan belt broke on the van, the brakes went out, and it has a flat tire.
I think people were more concerned with getting rid of me than they were about winning the Cup anyway.
thanks for viewing it:))
Watching "The Walking Dead" on AMC. Who would've thought a show about the Zombie apocalypse would work so well.
i'm still amazed that i picked the right major in college. here i am months after graduation, and i actually WANT to read more #TimO'Reilly
Add revisions document to track updates to customer relation management system.
Our first community outreach to the south Tulsa area tomorrow 9:00am at the Storehouse. Thanks to all who made it possible
ya my hair was hecka long lol
rt - when taking travel pics take one or two of a city sign so years later you can remember where you were
It's like Romeo and Juliet, hot sex..
I feel like the cat who gets kicked out of the house at the end of the Flintstones! This is really wack!!!
Does this mean you also don't know about the new Ron Swanson Ben & Jerry's flavor? I think u will approve
Serpent's Stout
Stressful week so far..its only tuesday -__-
You guys are in the movie playing at El Rio
love it!!
Boy is it windy! I am not parking or walking near any trees today!
333 masons sitting in a tree
& if I died right now, you'd never be the same
what a 9th ! Best sweat of the season! Thx for the win, that Freese SO was clutch!
just visited and picked u up a tee...no Lance sitings :(
2 mny execs think thy r wonderful w people becuz thy talk well.They don't realize that being wonderful w pple means listening well-Drucker
Thx for the follow! Will you be attending #CUAEF? Look fwd to meeting you!
Take Caltrain to Sunnyvale and cab it.
Thank you for your help!
I'm so happy to start my new job at Saks Fifth Avenue at Fashion Show Mall can't wait.
Idk why but I love 10 things I hate about you;p (show and movie)
Everyone have a nice Christmas!
As the on-call weekend reporter, your tweets are not giving me much hope for escaping my apartment anytime soon!
Happy 70th Birthday, Ali....
Of course! Did your team go to the NRA event on Monday? ": Thanks!! See on Twitter Monday night!"
Wally the Beer Man may work again for the Twins but it won't be selling beer, according to Twins managers.
In School On My Phone Listing to Music nd Seeing Tweet's = AWESOME LIFE<3 :)ILYNickMara<3
Troy Renck on taking Rockies questions, tweet or call or email us your Rockies questions! 303-297-1510
Yeah I sure am. Stumbled upon that one in Lake Oswego.
I want retractable fangs
I hate days where we are can't spend it together ;/
My battery is dying! No please don't die! I'm gonna cry :'c
I started Benlysta a couple of weeks ago. Have my 2nd infusion Thursday am. Good luck!
Looking forward to #LSCon this year.
#ReplaceMovieTitlesWithRatchet. Horton Hears a Ratchet
This game!
"Even if ain't all it seems I've got a pocket full of dreams"
“: A record 20,000 Chelsea strips were sold in one hour today... On Ebay, by new Manchester City fans.” A different shade of shit
Want to have sex?
I had a crush on the same guy for 7 months, I don't even know what to do with myself anymore . . . FREEDOM
I love you even though Hutch High failed you.
oh but pwease?
We had a great time at the #autism resource expo and walk this weekend. Thanks to everyone who came and spoke with us.
Lol... twit patrol??
"LIKE"!!! Very well said kid!!
Gelatinous cube eats village. I think it's terrific...
Hi Miranda,I hope you liked the Crystal Cigar Box Purse you received as a wedding gift I designed it! xoxox
did you end up going out last night?
stop drop & roll s on fiyahhh.
I know question was not directed at me, but no, it wouldn't have counted. Game "re-sets" to the time the Sabres goal scores.
Tired, it must be almost 2:00 naptime, there must be a doughnut out there with my name on it. Sunshine would be nice Pia.
I’ve run into that before, more often than I like. It completely baffles me.
Sadly my org is on hold. But would love to connect, regardless!
Aww- thanks gang - miss you too & will give it my best!
I wish I could leave this place.
I guess it's raining everywhere !!
The longer I stare at my phone, the longer it's going to stare back at me.
I scream in my head when I hold my tongue...lol its funny...
Went for a run this morning. Felt fat and slow and only did 2 miles - still so glad I went! I must be well and truly hooked!
#HowToGetRejected show up in fake Timbs.
In #MKE Jan ends as 14th warmest on record,this after Dec was 11th warmest. Mild wx continues into Feb with highs in the 40's thru Fri
that's the coolest thing I've ever seen!
Haha someone just threw me a piece of candy wow what a dumbfuck XD
Yes. We go to first period first.
Oh yeah, is it a website or was it a live thing? Where can I see it?
is that an idea?
your sexy
Gotta' search somewhere else.
I love Spring!
New video is SO FUCKING AWESOME. Spread the word.
I know, & it's only the first round!
Be not afraid of going slowly; be afraid only if standing still. ~ chinese proverb
Why you say you dont wanna be with me but gets so jealous when anotha female involved..hmm
Welcome to our friends from #Greece! So happy to have you part of the family!
& we're amazingly funny on the Wendy Williams show this morning!
Gonna film a new YouTube video tomorrow :) on top of that, I've got lots to do to get ready to leave for Boston. Goodnight Twitterverse!
Thanks, Stephanie. You rock!!!
We have been deeply affected by this.
Happy mothers day to my loveley mom :)
Thanks for following!
Frozen dinners.
what happened?D:
Good morning, #SFSU! What's your favorite hump day treat?
#IWishYouKnew how much of a mistake you're making
#IfTwitterWereHighschool Then the Bird Flu craze would've made sense.
if I were older and had the money, I would LOVE to own Mystery Lovers - I've been obsessed w/ your store since I was a kid!
Always trying to keep up with the times, first it was the "Twilight" series, now it's "The Hunger Games..." Speaking of hunger...
: No, I'm still working on "How to Kiss Ass and Never Accomplish Anything." Why? Is it any good?
So I've broadened the fitness concept to make it one of moderation and balance.
gota find Some more gigs, some new connects. My last two shows have been cancelled. People are gunna stop commin out if it don't go down!
you better go to sleep, oh wait you can stay up all nite cuz tomorrow u ain't doin shit
Today's lesson: Can't dance to iTunes music with iPhone in hand. I shake, it shuffles.
Yay! That always feels so good.
That's why I asked what you were doing... BUT YOU WERE BUSY!
RT Watching Sanford FL city council mtg. Sharpton, Jackson, etc all speaking, getting crowd all worked up. >aka telling the truth
Trying to sleep face down while your dick is hard <<<<<<<<<<
definitely. Midnight Meat Train was also awesome. :)
mine would be Beautiful Freaks :)
The Bad news for #Canucks fans is they're are down 0-3...the Good news is they'll get swept while in LA
Very important point RT : How do we challenge the idea that there can only be one person in charge?
Sometimes my boyfriend is such a fuckin baby I don't know whether I should blow him or burp him
This is a test...I wonder when you will tweet me back =)
You're a handsome devil. What's your name?
would you say you were buzzing like a bee, or a hummingbird. Playful minds want to know! ;-) contact me anytime.
Thanks but I already emailed with you w no resolution. In fact, I think is a scam.
Working on this track with and !
I just want to wake up next to you.
Off to mentor
Waitt!! Ms.Lee got her car keyedd????
Free financial advice Facebook is about to go public supposed to be $80 a share …buy buy buy
Check out Courtney Stodden's new single Reality on iTunes! <3
"I believe one of the hardest things you can do is conquer your fears, but if you have a goal,
My SU degree is in Pol Phil and I have a JD from CUA in DC, where I specialized in communications law. And it is a great org!
Atleast ghost adventures can keep me entertained.
Why is everyone so fucking upset with me tonight? 😔
Yes. Wrong.
Conversation between two 3 year olds! I love the kids at my job!
When is it? We can craft something up.
WHEN R U RELEASING UR NEW SONG!??? PLZ SAY SOON!!!!
Ugh this is not how I wanted to spend Valentines Day.
yay so cute!
goodmorning morning to you too beautiful
Need a little motivation to eat healthy and hit the gym? Summer officially starts in 58 days!
cooking some food
I wanna get on the slingshot ride at the del Mar fair!!!
Check home e-mail.
Every Coney Island has that one cook with WAY too much facial hair.
On the road to Arkansas!
how you been?
Oh, today's mother's day? Fuck that. My mom hates me and I dislike her too. When's fathers day?
Congratulations to Dominick Kendraw....Currently enjoying his FREE two day scooter rental thanks to winning our January question contest!
I like imagining that it's not the real handbook, but is just a recruiting tactic.
We're at the 2012 #NBIAConference! This great, and the pre conference is filling up quickly... Good thing we got seats early!
you look john carney missed extra point in 2007 against the panthers
Everyone hits a brick wall now and then; the trick is not to do it with your head.
what we all know now? No. During that class? Yes.
Go !! Good surprise to come home from the gym and your team has a 3 goal lead.
Excellent choice! Song of the day: "Sultans of Swing" by Dire Straits.
Its better to have a life of 'oh wells' than a life of 'what ifs'. ~
just fucking leave me alone asshole.
A little Bird told us Encore Shoe Department will be opening next week by Sears... What's your favorite style of shoe??
i miss you all too, but not st patricks day in BG, lol
Women & Creativity Workshop: Coptic Stitch Binding with a Window National Hispanic Cultural Center 1701 Fourth St SW Dates:3-9 8am-12pm
yep. That's all. Straight from the book.
bet none of them fell like i do. I get to go uhh when #niallwhipshispenis real hard! as soon as he comes out i jump on! yea i jump on!
I hope this wasn't retaliation.
hot mess
that made you less of a wreak
Man, the Academy Awards are boring!
you're a jackass.
Well, Mittens imply Michigan. Which implies #Hockeytown. So, you can see the connection.
Yikes SKC! But not worried!
My mom said she would think about me getting one. I just have to get it somewhere my dad won't see it. Lol
Salt and bread make the cheeks red. - German Proverb
I admire those who can handle it, but it's highly doubtful that I myself will ever be hip.
Weeping angels always freak me the hell out
wondering if I am the only geek working on homework Friday night...
It's time to go back to bed : /
A big ass bacon cheeseburger from Wendy's sounds soo clutch right now.. i am in desperate need of food to cure my hangover
thanks so much; recipe looks phenomenal! will try asap. am in the bay area right now-maybe will see you @ Ferry Building! :)
Etsy changed the layout in our "sold orders" section, again! And now I feel like I'm staring at the page "Cross-eyed." LOL
you coming back to launch up some half court shots post game tonight?
I told you i can rap if i try! Give me that neck, no self serve, family and friends....COME HERE RETRIEVE YOUR NECK!!!!
lol like stroking my dick. ;)
#CollaborativeLaw - Spouses avoid lengthy and costly discovery by agreeing to disclose and exchange all information.
wee drop wee rock!!!
yup, i'm a linux fan... the only reason i still also have a windows box is to update/sync my iphone, lol
It was great. I <3 Shakespeare! How was the b.mitzvah?
u kno I got u my nigga
So I just Googled "forty koozie." Don't judge
yeah I'm so scared that she's gonna call my mom. I wish she freaking would!! Haha
Thanks for the Twitter tool suggestions.
Following me will get you more followers!
Just fuck her like you miss her . C;
Think GnT:30 may occur 15 minutes early today ...
was probably the one who delivered the Pizza to her
you guys are so embarrassing!!!! I hate you! -_-
Your in the diver seat and God is Google maps!
Taxes filed with 40 minutes to spare. It's like high school all over again.
I know..I've been over Oden. Old news.
No Tea no Shade!
And you both know as well as anyone that you can't polish a turd
I love you just the way you are...
Day one of the brazillian butt workout ;) yeeaaah buddy!
My first tweet: haiku. / I have so much to say but / So few syllables.
I will have to pick one up tomorrow. Dont think I have had this grape
torn on unsubscribing to H-Labor. it is hypothetically relevant, but it seems to have forgotten about anything pre-1870.
AYE. im back
currently crunching numbers...
22% of Americans say that would never vote for a Mormon. Most of them are Repubs. I wonder how many of 'em will actually stay home?
YES! cute new heels, here I come :)
Small biz killer - Allowing the rep who landed the "whale" to live off the commissions forever - what about new business?
Adele makes me proud to be a Brit, more Adele and less Paul please!
M chicken adobo smells delicious. Can't wait for dinner!
Some would argue that Duncan already deserves to be even/higher than Kobe. This would take rings OUT of the conversation.
Speech making no sense
Entourage...Season 4. Good night
What do you do when you bored?
Woot! - 400 Like Threshold reached and passed!
4:40 am and I'm still not tired :) #beastmode!
you have way too much time on your hands
Those coyotes smell cookin'!!! : Pack of coyotes outside decides to begin yipe & howl throwdown :15 this AM?
You know you're tired when you can't even walk straight and you end up running into walls 😳 Yeah. I think it's time for bed. #goodnight 💤
ATTN: my apologz re: the little espaNol spam baby th'has been hitt'n frnz 10/a day. In talks w'how to have spam baby removd entirely. Tnx.
#ReasonsWeDontTalkAnymore, because you changed, and became someone different.
shark tank!
Post Paul drinks anyone? No raw milk...please
Will the Georgia wineries be featured in any way?
Why did I have to go and do a stupid thing like that?
Time is STILL WASTIN.....TASTIN my TONGUE after I've BITTEN IT....doh !!
ok... this is not sleeping in..but I am awake.
Pleasanton, TX: Birthplace of the Cowboy. And also where my next date is from.
So much for being optimistic. I guess i wonder what it feel like to be pessimistic. When im gone she miss it. When im near she hate it.
How bad is it if I get jealous when I see someone with a Jedi Academy Alumni sticker?
My tweep list just got exponentially better now that you're here. :)
I need to get a manicure done
I'm not sensing enough of the typical jaded journo attitude at the #techtrends panel. See what giving out Starbucks cards can do?
The second includes a cover up re: POWs but there are 2 more. One set in Afghanistan & the more recent one somewhere in Asia.
CHICAGO WOMEN who want a better relationship with their MOTHER-IN-LAWS! Amazing team: & Megan Moser coming to YOU, today!
Nice!!! Eat fish and stay healthy!!!
lmao y'all both need to chill!
Cold Pizza for breakfast (;
im going to regret this
Keep throwing your bricks at me, I'll use them to build something great
meeting this guitarist to help me get this music together and he's LATE!
You're welcome!
I'll never look at her website ('The Holder Position') the same way again.
your day will improve vastly from this point forward.
Get this intern outta here! She messing with the church's money! LOL!
#SignsYoureGettingCheatedOn You find her in bed with a dude that's not you.
Or tweeted. RT The most memorable nights dont get caught on camera...
Hahahaha finally conquered your fear!
Ooh magenta def brightens it up for spring! If you try it out let me know how ya like it! ;)
Wow, did the Florida Panthers show up yet? Embarrassing.
my mother is so annoying!!
LOVE Coldplay's "Paradise"
There is no impossibility to him who stands prepared to conquer every hazard. The fearful are the failing.Sarah J. Hale
WOW! I can't believe it! Buddy's is giving this stuff away. Laptop's for only 19.99/wk. This is a sweet deal! Check it out.
Dental school form deadline is approaching here in DC. These preventive checkups ensure every child is getting the attention they deserve
glad you stuck with it. Keep it up
You're welcome! Have fun!
SI saying he's going to Phils
Officially don't care about ap gov
Hopefully you took Over the total in #AlamoBowl ! Crazy. No defensive players will be drafted from Baylor or Washington.
Well, you go girl! No pun intended.
#FF shows with @
thx hope you had a very merry christmas!!
It's a wonderful time of the year: RT Tax time makes me hate almost everything about almost everything.
...three weeks left > back in school the first week in June.
would you like to write a brief forward to a revolutionary marketing booklet?! I like you're style!
don't disrespect the gays son. I'm one and cheered for you. Cal screwed the Tigers and Memphis. Hope his ass loses. Karma
omg...u have a twitter..
the solid rock that isn't seen.
true! The only thing I don't like in ableton is multi recording. One channel at a time sucks or I'm just not hipped to it
sglassmeyer: #FF She's a JD/MLS and works for I met her at #sla2010 and she's cool. Plus, I love her avatar/moo card.
r u going to cannes?
Time to watch The Holiday. Shout out to bff Meredith for introducing me to this movie
Waiting for my first bundle. 15 mins have passed. #patience pays.
you guys are the one I look forward to on NYE since hubby works!
So u would agree that people shld never get angry when racially slurred
This stomach virus been kicking my ass this week..I might really have to go to the doctor
Kids don't have the money to pay for the #gas to go to college, so they just stay home and pray. This should make #Santorum happy.
At least I have season four of 24
LOL! Well, at least not this time, you mean. RT : I swear I didn't do it! I didn't do anything!
Canada's on now, Czech later, Sweden tonight. A++
RT I need locally grown Elderberry Flowers #bartenderProblems perhaps you know a farmer in New York?
great webinar so far "How to Recognize Volunteers"
Happy Easter!
I know...hate me if you must...
Thanks much for the follow. Following you back.
so can call brad paisley about the nashville flood, but can't make a public statement. u should be ashamed
I feel like every time, it gets a little bit more Cray. Haha. It can only get better from here!
Working on the new album :)
Right now! thanks for keeping me compnay sweetheart you're the best everyone else is asleep goodnight lovely
Dude, you called me an ass...who started the insults?? I find it sad you have to insult anyone who disagrees with you.
i love that song
Some would say that since the check comes as long as you tow the line, it's easier. But again, depends on the job.
I can't wait to feel better.
~Author UnknownA great obstacle to happiness is to expect too much happiness .
Why are liberals who want the government to regulate their health care upset that the government wants to regulate their internet?
Looking for Mac-friendly presentation software for presentations to large groups. What did use when he was at RIT
like an about me. For you twiitter page. I got one most people do.
I hate me for that I just can cry about this.... what more can i do
Fuck, I missed it!
major delete party on fb!!!..had to get back to to the REAL people in my life
Beyonce et. al : today's Barbie dolls, discarded by age and fading vocal chords. Wooers of the crowd ;and as Spanish bullfighters say : the
To all the Admin Pros, Happy Administrative Professionals' Day! "Sorry you have to work on the holiday honoring your work!"
I missed that
Uh oh, my identity has been stolen:-(
no way. fresh bread is the best bread.
oh and its all full of love
#imagine Austin:hey cutie Girl:wazzup Austin:not you im tlkin bout *yourname* You:*smile* -anna
where did u get it? so cute :3
Twang Time
The next time I go on a date, I dont care where, could be the movies, park, McDonalds, house, I'll wear a dress C:
just here for the weekend for a wedding!
Dames (1934) at #TIL "I Only Have Eyes for You" was originally written for this film!
#WilDCHildZ talent show is on march 23 in NYC ima sing ahh im thinking or dance likee the hm hard choice
Ha, Ha ... Fishing and food ... life is good??
I love when he walks up behind me n put his arms around my waist n kiss my neck. I just lay my head back and close my eyes. I'm at peace
Remembering Pearl Harbor
On The Orange Line; WOW! A Gr8 movie but I'm not sure what to ask abt the music.
#readathon "dinner" is mozzarella sticks and homemade ranch. Each time I make it, it's better and better!
love my gifts you absolute doll :) send me pictures soon beautiful
how many know?
Easy Listening
Just finished lunch at Gino's East. Definitely a must-hit spot for me in Chicago. Of course, I have left-overs. Who wants some pizza?
I really truly love my boyfriend :)
as long as you consider being an Enrique iglesias zombie then we are golden.
Not liking these chores
at work douchers
who do we play?
congratulation on your 13 pd lost.
is Brian Solis #gnomedex keynote video posted yet?
: wanna come get you gift right now? EARLY!
RT : RT : Speech was more of a Clintonesque laundry list than a single, sustained argument or narrative.
#Bride of The Killer Nerr II :Tom:
She mines now
Sloppy seconds for all
our pleasure! :)
Thank you, Karen!!! Appreciate it!
The truth!
Blah!! Not giving a fuck!!!
Apple wrote e-mails to a number of music industry executives saying it would soon offer longer samples for songs. Artists are not happy!
oh man, another day another place, I need a vacation...
Sounds like my lil sister..
I'm nowhere near as awesome right now, as I would be if I had a ninja sword.
Will do!
Mmk then just ignore me.
I laughed when I heard it too! #MaytheFourth be with you!
Not planning the next trip quite yet (: Planning vacation tends to take a backseat to planning work stuff, ha
No problem. I always forget about this chat but now I've plugged it into my phone so I don't forget. So many great ones out there.
i bet lol
Everyone keeps telling me that the right guy will come along. I think mine got hit by a truck.
North Carolina Aquarium Fort Fisher chooses for Media Content Player for new exhibit!
enjoy! Registrations should be up and ready shortly...thanks so much for your support!
Agree! Thanks, Lolly! RT : Trust is knowing that is always going to lead a great chat!
Screw it, go all in 100 Billion Dollars
It's 4 Gram 1/8th Day at The Clinic!!!
Maiden tweet, lets get the first one out of the way shall we?
JUST be happy :)
Out of extreme anticipation, I paid $30 extra to get my scores over the phone. This test all in all cost me over $450. Thank God I passed!!!
Me & my best friend were saying "When I say Justin you say Bieber Justin BIEBER, Justin BIEBER!" in class(:
lol I just have to leave it at that ;) for now...
you should come to the orlando marble slab. then i can meet you! :)
Anyone know what night the #Grammys are on? Looking forward to missing them again this year (and next year and the year after that).
~I don't know what's worse: people who lie or people who think I am stupid enough to believe the lies~
real enough for me 😉
I find it hardest to be a human being when I've lost my internal footing - things don't come together - I don't feel centered - like now...
nothings better then bein sick and eating a bowl of cereal and watching the looney tunes!! :D
u got the duck face
It's June 2nd.
waynes ace is nasty he's the best pitcher we faced all year he throws like 85-88 and has a nasty curve ball
I won't forget!
Drake flow while doing credit recovery ✌
Thanks back at ya! Cool pinterest page. Gotta get myself on gentlemint, man!
Is an Eazy E hologram too much to ask for tonight?
Your newest episode 'Driving Tori Crazy' was very interesting,specially the part with the song 'Five Fingaz to the face'!
Hopefully, Libya will turn out better that the last time. And the time before that. And that time before that other time. And that time ...
Didn't anyone tell these players that horizontal stripes make your ankles look fat?
Ryan Butcher is our DJ tonight. Come listen to him spin.
Kieffer is no good for you. For what he did to you screw him
Agreed! They were great!
Love it!
just watched all episodes of #TheFashionFund and i saw my favorite #malemodel in a presensation for the
Golazo is a top notch company. If you don't know them you should.
Why is it I get the worst reception at the two places I'm at most often?
I hate the fact that we have to wait to see if we stay together or not😔
Some of #Memphis' most fab will be swingin w/ us on the patio! - lookin forward to seeing you guys!
"Habit is the explanation of why we seem to forget things so quickly." Remarque, "All Quiet on the Western Front"
I just realized I can shake one butt cheek a time.
Well guess what Bitches , guess who did it , Briana Desean Little .
yeah JONAS WORLD TOUR WOO! that tour did wonders for them, we're really glad so many people were exposed to them then!
Remember to look for our #pollen counts. We have the only REAL (not estimated) pollen count in the Richmond metro area
Finally learning to play my guitar. With my ghetto plastic cup pick.
Programmers tools FTW! I'd have chosen a different editor, but at least I've not had to deal with Notepad on my platform.
You would never believe how hard it is to find photos of presidents in jeans. See also: what has my job come to...
no prob bro, thanks for the support.
You only live once, so fuck it up right.
Thanks for stopping in! RT Love that place had the buzz this morning!
Midnight pad run for the wife
I believe the after lunch at work we should get a 30min nap time!
I guess sleep is my only option. As I prepare for another depressing day.
I want my kids to eat all their dinner except when they get cheese curds
When you and your friend start singing the same song at the same time because the teacher says the words "this is..." xD
Simply Fight Week
I want to be righteous like Abraham n Noah so I can live a couple hundred years serving the lord.
All projects result in museum exhibition that emphasized the communication element
Picking a winner is like drawing a name from a hat, but I'll go with Rory because the English guys will choke as usual. You?
Thanks! We'll miss you! RT : Listening to "Vienna Waits for You" in honor of and Bon voyage, you guys.
Hey Aaron! You should check out They're a clothing line right outta Missouri. And they have free stickers!!
if phillip phillips gets illiminated tonight on american idol i will flip shits
What a goal Pouliot!!!
It takes two to speak truth, one to speak and another to hear
Just played a soccer game; now on my way to Chick-Fil-A for my brother's 6th birthday(:
I talk so much shit.
MDR! Welcome to Twitter. :)
A nice bowl full of power outages today, with wire and equipment theft like a cherry on top!
You is kind, you is smart, you is important.
Um...I just have one question to ask you...do you ever sleep???
Please follow ! She loves you so much! #Enchancer  11
Panel on "Poetry and Community" at St. Mark's. Everyone is braced for a fight.
good morning Miss black & beautiful America holla at Squala
Probably a logistical nightmare, but also tradition. People already went nuts when the start moved from noon to 10 am.
jesus cody rhodes has me going... lol WILD.... GIRL GONE WILD.
congrats on qualifying for Indy and the shoutout tweet from !!
Haha in your face. 😜
do they shuffle themselves and predict the future?
Ah massage time
when I read this tweet, the song came on(:
simply stunning!
Off for a run with let's do this buddy !
School tommorow:) tell me are you happy:) or not happy:(?
Can you topic model poetry? Does it work on polysemic texts?
I have the MN one pinned! It would be cool if someone did one of #Milwaukee with all the neighborhoods.
Encarta vs. Wikipedia "Having a living document where everyone can collaborate"
Just back from work...Just in time to see my Cavs in action
at the mall with mom shopping !
Oversized sweatshirts are probably the best things ever. It's like a giant hug with sleeves
what you guys did there was simply amazing! Congrats to you all!
Carroll. 6. Acceptance would repudiate some key philosophy
Beauty Tip: Put a little bit of shimmer on your legs & collar bones when dressing up.
when is the big race?
Chamber's Gary Tobin: "Thank you for open door to business."
we love you guys! you inspire us!
sounds good. Looking forward to it. Who knows :)
never ceases to amaze me. i don't think i've ever cried so much during an episode than this passed Thurdays!
Hi :)I just wanted 2 say dat U don't Deserve 2 get bullied at all! NOONE DOES!!,What happened? why r they bullying u though?
The Fuckin' Freshmen This Year... They're Dumb
#np mac miller-fuck em all. new theme song to my life, i think yaaah.
RT : #TXST Heights 2 Spring Splash Pool Party. Come kick it with me and 1000 of my closest college friends.
RT : Definitely a lot of TV time coming this week, for sure.
appreciate the RT. thanks! :-)
haha good call. Must turn off auto tweets.
Great reporting!
you're welcome! Will I see you this summer?
YOU WUUT? you lucky mothertrucker. ballsack bro. thats hot. omg. i think ima die. <3 wut if he had a twitter&saw this. O.o
why am i losing followers on tumblr :(
so...was that a green thief? Does that make it ok? #no&NO": That's an awful feeling. RT : Someone stole my bike.
Thanks for the #ff. Right back at you.
Facebook is One of the greatest social inventions of the 21st Century!!!
don't forget the day after #StarWarsDay is #RevengeOfTheFifth!
I wish more people can #RESPECT Austin Carter Mahone
There is currently a homeless man reciting the bible and having sex with a tree on Market Street
Its funny how I dress very extravagant, not afraid to bare, or express my self with fashion yet my partner dresses simple tshirt jeans creps
We're keeping the celebration rolling in the New Year. Stop in tomorrow, order a mimosa and your second is on us when you show this tweet!
Working at booth at the Grove in Anaheim.
Cabin in the woods this weekend!
I just wanna be with you, we don't need a label or to put ourselves out there for everyone to see, I just want you ☹
sometimes while writing emails n such, I say #pizza in place of #PEACE or pizza the hut, needless to say, I have not started a trend,
HOT HOT HOT BEER BEER BEER !
I'd assume the people who drink Ovaltine and the people who FB would be a Venn diagram with two non-intersecting circles.
Happy Friday! NEW wine tasting kicks off today along with happy hour 4-7pm. Live music this Sat.-Tini Grey at 7:30pm. Enjoy.
Is the crowd tonight more bearded or clean shaven?
desperate Dave, I know you begged twitter to get yourself verified, you little gypsy you
I'm not innocent.. I was drunk.. I'll admit it but I'm over it.. so is my best friend but my friend is plastered and I'm scared for her.
RT : Kate Upton is proof that if you're hot nobody will notice how bad of a ________________ you are.
RT The jobs Boehner and the House GOP are worried about are the lobbyist gigs they have lined up if they lose.
OK, you got me. I've actually watched every episode of South Park and jumped at the chance to write that post.
Producing apparel line now for really sweet basketball project. This one has some horsepower!!
USF's library has so many books available with online access that I hardly need to go there anymore. I miss it!
I left my living room window open today. I come home to my couch, floor and kitchen counter covered in dirt.
that's a super way to invite! Let me know details of what you're looking for and I'll see if I have something great to say
One of my Twitter pet peeves: people who incessantly bitch about bullshit ... for fuck's sake -- shut up!
Taking responsibility is rare, but, oh, so appreciated.
enjoy your weekend !!
i ask myself that evryday
I don't lie. I have, however, invented my own language which uses a lot of the same words as English but with somewhat altered meanings.
anytime a person starts with "uuuummmm what had happen was" nothing good is coming after that!! LOL
#FF for interesting financial information and opinions
Why try to impress someone who's not worth impressing
Thank God all we do is talk in Chemistry.. I hate this class!
Yes, exactly! :)
Very Mexican has got a great #Halloween special: Come in costume on Oct. 29th or Oct. 31st for 20% off your order!
When you hear the truth and believe it because you feel as if it the real thing
Adtech is a little overwhelming this year
when will u be back to the usa?
Your cousin confirmed for UFC Sweden! Very Cool.
Thanks for the mention!
Meat Loaf's Bat Out of Hell album has sold over 43 million copies. I own it. It's awesome and stuff.
he's the greatest. Alex is the king of all dogs.
Stung by a bee! It must be summer...
thanks you too Ash $!
Im focused on what I have...instead of what I dont....grateful.
Thanks @ MRMerrick and !
if not as "terrorists," how would you label them? (curious)
happy birthday! And thank you! :)
I'm gonna eat lasagna for cinco de mayo. how mexican of me.
We are not in Dallas but we still love watching J. R. !
Call 503-241-4922 & find out what we can do for you today!!
If only they would read this stuff.
Sorta late...night is young!
we're back in full force from our hiatus. new flavors coming soon!
the music or the 'condiment'?
Doesn't it hurt to see me now? #sucksforyou 😉
he brought the bubbles that we left in the truck back to me by the way..
#Top100Lies I didn't know u cared
aw miss ya too buddy
bad campaign slogan: RT : Welcome to Longview, here's your complementary race riot
I am not. Justsaying
All I learned from replacing my low-beam by myself is that I will never have a career boosting cars
Financial checklist for widow(er)s in new relationships
that's true. Most underrated.
you bet! Just too bad they couldn't keep up.
i do my speech on school about you.. I can tell my classmates how you RT me! PLEASE YOU DO ME AND MY SPEECH A FAVOR
Awesomeness is not knowing your pants are on backwards until after your run.
Headed to City Hall today #ROC? The February Camp Biz Kid$ will be selling hot chocolate from 12-2pm today! Come support
I havent had in n out in a while. Someone wanna get me some animal style fries
Nice meeting u in person Sarah. Great job! Great seeing u guys
They should have iPad's in the dentist's office rather then magazines
beer is cold here in #Baltimore ain't its cuz? go O's!
hello new people
#mentionyourcrush Wood Harris!!
Many thanks to our attendees, presenters, sponsors & staff for a great day of conversation, debate and info on ebooks in libraries!
Nothing like waiting for 1.5 hours to see a doctor....after driving an hour ten to get here
One of those days where you wish you could stop time, rewind, and undo all the stuff that happened today! I should've stayed home!
Obviously he knows who the movers and shakers are! :-)
If I knew how 2 sing I wouldn't sing ova beats I would snap ma fingers like the temptations did
Java is probably the only programming language whose mere mention invites twitterspam.
hell yeah!!!!!! I got me my 1st #twitterboo #follow her now! but only to a certain extent lol :)
Cool. So I need a place to stay. Preferably in Portland.
The only "proof" is those damn newsletters. It's not like he went to a racist church and tolerated its policies. :)
perfecto! I will see you then! :D
as a matter of fact I am enjoying it a lot... i love Jaye! What's after this one?
When's the last time you played flipcups? Post with and we might send you something free!
I miss the Coke polar bear!
how'd the chi town airport treat ya? We're you at midway or ohare?
I'm very upset that I can't go to my kickboxing class tonight with LC
well i just followed you back... :) thank you
My Nana is too much!
love the pic, it's cropped and is the contact photo for
thank you for coming out boo!!! <3
Hell Yes. RT : Why, yes. I am creating an excel spreadsheet of the events I want to hit up during
Trying to figure out when to leave for the game. Are we gonna have BP tonight or not because of the weather?
I dont think there will be a better comedy this year then Avengers and Cabin in the Woods. Joss Whedon: master of the call waiting gag.
agreed. Learned the hard way.
Craziest Friday Night ever
Just curious if you like psychological thrillers, The Shining and the like. I like them.
Don't act like you didn't see this coming.(: Hahah.
Today, packing the office; applying for a job; blogging; sending some emails. That's it! Nothing more!
Former NYU employee wins racial harassment lawsuit and is awarded $210,000. Now he can afford one year's tuition at NYU.
Setting up new webpage and had 4 phat shows this weekend. 2 nightclubs and 2 private events
Studio TIME!!! New Freestyle mixtapes coming shortly!!!
What a day, what a day. Ups. Downs Summer 12. Is here. Let's get it.
11 months today with an amazing man :)
I'll keep lookout for them..
I wonder if has one you could borrow?
“: “: LMAO what are you doing!?” I'm creating a movement. Wyd?” lmao!! Haha
SECCA's new weekend and after hours staff member Amy Dorman starts today. Welcome Amy. She is a grad student at UNCSA.
check out john john's heat and dane reynolds too...those guys are unreal!!!
It's procrastination in all honesty
Basketball Tournament, Magic Show, Live Music, Boxing much... much more!
You should send me a post card with all your "spare change" :) Skype tonight?
Come join us for diner tonight! We look forward to seeing you (:
Tomorrow! RE-PHILS! RE-PHILS! RE-PHILS! Groundhogs day Celebration @ SCC GA! Free Re-Phils of drip coffee, with receipt. Stop on up!
I looked at coverage that related this case to larger issues: patter & practice by Sanford police (BlackVoices)
maybe not...
Leighton And Jason Share A Laugh
I would literally poop my pants if I had to face Drago in the ring.
but the way he's doing it is for the best. Not like "oh im gonna be just like justin"
The Cadets drill writer is a genius
cambridge Is a bitch I made my hoe
"Pretend to be normal." - Dexter
Were you able to sign up at the conf? I didn't see an option on their website...
Back to the school grind. Third degree program in 6 years has begun. My head is not in the game. This better pay off...
awesome! glad to help. would love to go to BC..what's up w $300 student registration?! shall we copresent somewhere more affordable?
I'll always cherish: a) the time Dick Clark interviewed me on television; b) the time I got to watch him explode with rage at subordinates.
Congratulations You've inspired our office to do a similar challenge. is preparing the charts!
": “: 4-0 ???? Y'all watching the game?”-> r u watching"4025 day pO drought ends lol
good morning tweeple!!
Fifty shades of grey is what we get when Oprah isn't here to tell us what to read. Oprah, we forgive you for James Frey. please come back.
new backgroung , u like it ?
great foundation. Along with having a Pro white smile!
Its exactly one week away !
Hey #iOS & #Android devs want to work with a fast-growing startup? is looking for you!
I'm so HAPPY! My seventeen magazine got here today! I can't wait to read it; I love :}
yea!!! Can't stop bouncing! Tonight must be the night for great music!
Sitting down
hahahaha good luck!
Hmm.. Happy mother's day. :D
park is just magical. I'm excited for the restaurants that are coming, but sad that its undiscoveredness will change
Whatever it is -- I didnt do it!
"Happy are those who dream dreams and are ready to pay the price to make them come true." – Leon J. Suenes
Thank you! Wonderful!
Up 30 hours straight.
Minister of Public Safety Highlights Online Tools for Emergency Preparedness Week - MarketWatch (press release)
The upcoming Innovate! Pitch Slam events in Boston, Austin, and Los Angeles are the last cities in a 30-city world tour
#20thingsaboutme ; uhm. my favorite clothing brand on me is Hollister & American eagle.
I don't think the porn industry wants to be associated with the original movie.
u still got it ...yo wut part in ny u live in?
I swear this old man is following me everywhere I go! If he does one wrong move, the rest of his teeth gon me on the floor! On me I promise
FYI last year duke and uk had the same number of one and dones. Are duke fans idiots too?
#Researchers to follow:
EARTH SPACE SCIENCES INSTRUCTOR POOL (ADJUNCT ...
Only if he has a cape. Woosh. 💨
How did i know there was going to be an arguement before bed...
Don't worry. They just hate you cause they ain't you. (:
Prada, Mercedes, Louis Vuitton, Tiffany all come to mind
Just finished sign waving in the rain! We're at it again on later this week!
Time for Lavo Brunch
Hi!! Thanks for following us!
eBay it that's where I got mine
Thank you Ian! A pleasure to meet you! I enjoyed yours as well.
What time is 4pm est in england O.o
#sourcefest expresses his appreciation for the DMV acronym to help define a community vibe.
Youth minister at church, "are youth will watch your kids while you shop so come out and take advantage of our youth"
porter, I love your music, guess who will be keeping my ears busy wile Im flying to Florida tonight? :D
Lmao , She a Hoe I Swear !
“: In the studio with Listening to his new stuff and it's blowing my mind!” luckyy!! #BELIEVE plz follow me
thank you! Remember pain can open the door to peace and compassion. For ourselves and especially for others. Rock on!
We had a great time meeting so many new couples today ...Never hurts spending a little time with too! Thanks for the coffee!
I can tell when something wrong, but I'm sure it's nothing I wanna know anyways. Just thought I'd show my concern. But hey, LG 4 me! :-)
do you know if they used a catheter? I really wanna know as much as I can to prevent further blockages. This is exhausting.
omg I just remember we have a history test tomorrow!
Ok everyone needs to follow that shit is hilarious!!!!!!!!
Interesting! I haven't interviewed a bona fide musician since a show preview for Kansas a few years back, of Dust In The Wind fame
hey, no texting and driving :)
I wish! Can't wait for my
DM We would like to update you on an engaging curriculum bundled with a dedicated digital textbook program we are leading for WI.
Great Woman'sDay reggae concert last nite w/ 2 of the I-3 & an amazing 7 year old girl poet. Met Mutabaruka,reconnected w/ an old friend:-)
Awesome. Any epic plans?
I looked it up haha. Pshh I'm dying to try out nando's though! 😊
Raise your hand if your #highered institution has a "committee on committees." #sharedgovernance only in higher education
That one kid in your class that always has to remind the teacher we had homework.
I was in New York this weekend:)
NY Undercover! I love 90s black tv
why don't you come with me ?
yea that's goes hella hard... Is that one of ur artist??
"La Traviata" was the best opera I've seen yet.
Just tapped Lost Coast Indica IPA.
The production has wrapped, the warehouse has been vacated. Now on to post production. This has been a huge challenge, but great!
- i'm standing behind you [/creepy whisper]
its gonna be on HDNets, I'm praying everything goes great too
I need to change my ringtone and text tone
I have no idea! Love you
everything is funny at 2:00
So I wanna win the lottery...
America or chivas
My line works both way but i didnt knw they was coming up as tweets. Tml now *LiVInG LiFE dOINg ME*
What's good bro you going to be able to come to the Video shoot this weekend for REL's Benzes & Porches
Absolutely. It adds value to the mtg and allows us to make the most of resources (meeting space, food & bev, etc.)
hey everyone! go to mattleofthebands.com/mufasa and vote for us everyday to keep us on the top 40 in the fight for warped tour 2010!
we were just out there and it was way too hot for me lol nothing like that heat out there maybe u should move to denver:)
i dunno if i seen em before or not... i be too high man... i really need to devote my life to sobriety
just working and chillin same shit my sis had her baby how u been
Applause but no standing o from Leonard #Lance on call for comprehensive immigration reform
what u been up to lil bit?
Relying on Jack White and Diet Coke to keep me awake on this gloomy morning.
Why do I love you? Because I finally learned what the word means, and you were the one who showed me.
Our ideas, like orange-plants, spread out in proportion to the size of the box which imprisons the roots. - Edward Bulwer Lytton
Wish wash
I doubt I'll forget this game either way.
congrats on your backstage article--very cool!
If I hold the door for you , #BitchSayThankYou !!!
Thanks for giving my daughter your gloves after last nite's game. She was thrilled! U are a class act, sir! Go Sporting and
Going Solo: The Extraordinary Rise and Surprising Appeal of Star Wars Cosplay
Check them out :D
Fine! I'm just gonna throw away my "Hank is my Homeboy" t-shirt. RT : I'm not Fred's friend.
Got the poster printed for #JCDL2011 It's the first time I am going to visit Canada!
Nice. I want to watch that with you! and Roseanne, yahhh
CQ! Whats your pick for the tonight's game?
#ff cause I said so. And because you may find it amusing.
I have the most disturbing conversations with miranda.
creepy in a good way though. I could have him sit in my office too. Maybe I should knit him myself :)
NOW following...lol. Using tweetcaster & it doesn't show who I'm following. Had 2 get on twitter 2 get it in.
A child's life is like a piece of paper on which every person leaves a mark.
Hit 100k DL's of the Podcast today! Big ups! New Episode up soon!
It may be COLD outside but it is WARM in my office!! Several appointments to show HUD homes!
i bet if u put your problems in a bowl with other strangers u would take yours back!
Not futile...grounded in statistics
We're having our December 12th planning meeting at the next restaurant to commit to the MkeWineOpener on February 24th! Who's it gonna be???
Also joining us today is Priya (), the person behind the National Trust’s Twitter account.
Got a new job working on their International Brand! Consequently, if you are looking for design work, Potawatomi is hiring...
Today is the 45th anniversary of his assasination. You will always be remembered Negus Malcolm X.
happy birthday savannah your the best have a great time today
Motivated by running 7 mi better than expected yesterday, longest I've ran since May Maybe I'll go ahead & do 1/2 towards the end of March.
"Commencement will be outdoors. The lawn is wet, so choose appropriate footwear." // Yeah, Rice commencement will be GREAT.
You're the only one that's ever on my mind. <3
The best thing (and sometimes the hardest thing) in dating is to trust your gut! Women's intuition can be a very powerful thing!
One swing baby, one swing.
It's awesome!
Lions, Tigers, and lemurs...oh my!! :-)
Wow that is so long, i would love to model one day soon.
Reggie Bibby is a scrub the #HEAT got this
Caring for a service animal can be $$$ costly. New CRTASA Working Animal Health Insurance Plan now available regardless of age, breed, etc.
Headline tomorrow: KOTSAY IT AIN'T SO
Just found a Sony a Nex3 Camera at FRY's for $299. These are selling for $450 on eBay! Thats a $150 profit before eBay fees!
that doesn't surprise me
221 dayz til graduation and out this piece! Yes!
Thanks! I'm enjoying all the useful green tips on your blog. Keep them coming!
Saw Liza with a Z being interviewed on the red carpet outside Kodak for the TCM film fest. Also! Robert Wagner and Osborne and Rose McGowan.
Happy Mardi Gras folks! Even if you aren't from Louisiana, it's a great excuse to party on a Tuesday!
Taylor Swift is playing 6 NFL stadiums in 2011, including tour finale at Cowboys Stadium next October. Wow. (via )
“: Looking forward to a great week at Hamilton Co. ESC in Cincinnati.” We enjoyed speaking with you today!
Unveiling TWA= transactional web archiving not TWA (you know) open source 1+ yr dev (waiting to see the movie)
Time to watch some #Hokies!!
yeah I was nervous here for a second thinking it would be a 1st, 2nd, or third..but we had multiple late picks were set
To be honest, every time you say "serial entrepreneur", I hear "Cereal Entrepreneur".
I'm not sure what brought on your tearful tribute to the plight of Geordi, and I don't care. All I know is that I'm weeping.
we would absolutely love to see you doll! (:
I hear ' home is full of leather bound books. RT : My thoughts exactly!
me too! The awake part. In SFO. Dreading fluorescent lights. Feel better Ruby!
I'm not perfect, I'll tick you off and I'll say stupid things,but put all those things aside & you'll never find a girl who loves you more.
"I'm sure people out there don't find you attractive either. Remember, personality counts."
GOOD MORNING, I LOVE YOU GUYS XX <3
#nrb12 Arnie Cole rocked the "decision" based culture and gave compelling evidence for "relationship" based spiritual growth
What "it" is
was that a "iceberg" sweater in the sabotage video?
we are in love with the new yo la tengo album
“: always think of u 2 when i hear beemer benz n bentley” it's pretty much the best song ever.....
Don't blame this on me; it was you.
I Love Stacy Francis!!! Follow Stacy Francis!!
Haven't listened to J.Cole since that Celebrity All star game. After seeing him play ball I felt like I was lied too
Discipline is the bridge between goals and accomplishments.
it'll be cool to text you and talk :) if your down
This being America, unruliness is patriotic. RIP, Breitbart.
If you don't like at least one Mac Miller song, there is something wrong with you...
so... I just followed u
Brother of murder victim Delois Brown: "People talk about feeling angry... I feel lost. My family is gone. I have lost my family."
why then i could creap hehehe your in fayettville right now
At least you were in your own car. Yesterday I tried to open someone else's!! Nearly died of embarrassment.
Caller says FAA doesn't need to do any new testing of electronic devices on airplanes since the Mythbusters already did it.
"The truth is easy to kill. But a lie well told is immortal." - Mark Twain. (I do hope he's wrong.)
I hate macie..
I Love The Way You Sing.!(: I Would Die If I Ever Get One Of Your CD.!<3
"Great leaders know that leadership is a social construction; they are just playing 'leader' -- it's a role." -- Douglass Rushkoff
Ever see #freedomwriters about students overcoming adversity? Breaks me down every time.
do you still have your version to track? Audition tapes?... maybe can find them for ya :)
Done this before. You left it up for 2 seconds.
Tonight's gonna be fun!
developed such a powerful platform for change. We just need to launch it everywhere. Changeby.us.
Who do you think is doing the best digital storytelling these days?
my picks went out in the 'Derby Special' Tell me what you think ?
So pumped!! #OAR at #RedRocks !!!
There's no way I can be turnt up with no voice
Baltimore native and resident ;) I travel internationally for music, but this is home. Yes, we are hiring. Stop in
Anyone who says the Nats 3 straight wins over Philadelphia are meaningless doesn't hate the Phillies nearly hard enough.
I'm starting to get really bitchy. I think I should go to bed..-.-
Spring showers bring driving safety hazards! Worn tire treads and windshield wiper blades create dangerous driving conditions when paired...
Happy Birthday !! I hope you have a wonderful birthday beautiful girl!! I <3 you :) <3
true! Sense of entitlement not justified!
Make sure you tune in tomorrow to NBC 15 as I go on television "The Morning Show" with Christine Bellport, to talk about all the wonderful …
We out here, doing bad shit nigguh
Trinity's John Fahy is the 2012 KY winner of the National Wrestling Hall of Fame and Museum’s Dave Schultz High School Excellence Award.
Could you send us the patch for the wordpress calendar? That would be awesome!
So shy people think you are a snob. What to do??
She kills me lol
Going to be a fun year for Reds fans.
Just be real with me, because that's what's going to keep you around.
Yeah, you know: neutral. I thought everyone knew that.
DNC chairwoman: Trump, Romney ‘both like firing people.’
Dt Bars tonight
Going to the airport early in the morning. We!
Anybody smoke American Spirit cigarettes? They any good?
rock, heavy rock, R&B and Hip Hop. Sometimes mashups between those genre's just for fun :-)
start tweeting!
Leaving work early on a Friday
Gem worthy grab by SS
oh no my people... i still dont care, they ned to use their niggie speed and run away
Yes i know !! How are they gonna stay in contact with their fanns !?!? Im gonna miss tweeting them ! :(
we should start a rochester safari.
90 minutes of #exercise per week should be good enough and always have chill out days
Gene simmons is behind me at starbucks. What an asshole.
Amen, sister!
I can't believe I haven't put you to sleep yet...I also can' t believe I'm flirting with a woman who doesn' t drink much!
I love seeing the shocked faces after Shawn solves a case!
N need of a vacation...guess I start plannin to go to Disney world
happy birthday.i cant wait either
rt - "Do you think believes drugs should be legalized? " Drugs Shouldn't ! Bud is not a drug!! RT if agree
All kids deserve a high quality education...
for you true jazz heads...you have to check out 's album Day One...wow!!!
Closed LONG $EURUSD for -26 pips loss; 33% of the community volume is trading the EURUSD with sentiment 48% SHORT
I love The man is a genius. I really want him to direct my film.
Only 2 hours until the Christmas Tree Lighting! So pumped!
Hey , I'm willing to make this road trip RT : Notre Dame vs. Navy Sept. 1 from Dublin, on Sept. 1 at 9 am ET
Good job #broncos keep running on first down, you might fool them..
#Mets90sBands is trending right now, and it's hilarious.
3 power plays in the period and no goals...
you can come drink with me if you want. lol. i got some trees too.
Oh gawd. The #Smallville theme. Whenever that comes on I turn the volume up to punish the wife.
I was in love but fuck it.
You easily forget, so you have to try hard to remember.
If I don't wake up. I want to be cremated. ashes spread with my grandparents, and then snorted by those who truly loved me
You don?t have to be a fantastic hero to do certain things ? to compete. You can be just an ordinary chap, sufficiently motivated to reac...
Yeah. That was pretty much *the* low point in Pryor's career.
Our Paducah team rocks! Looking forward to our event there on June 6. Enjoy the weekend, everyone.
We're so excited to announce that Eric Kerr L.Ac. will be joining out Acu-team in September : ))
iMessage + oversea friends = sheer happiness
Can't sleep!
I love you baby!
#thankfulfor a wonderful day: great people, weather, food, activities, conversation - life.
RT cogentsmile: #boonville2011 this breeders is better than a blowjob from a Slavic hooker with icyhot in her mouth.
i just think she needs more experience and she will be good just matter of time:)
Firehouse Subs. We don't work with TGIFriday.
please follow me I LOVE YOU<3
In addition to reducing clots, it has been suggested that regularly drinking green/black teas can lower risk of heart disease.
They can't wait! Let us RT you boob.
can not believe diaz did not come to the fight I have a fight tomorrow and would never miss it
Meaningful Trip - cool travel while giving a helpful hand. Who's interested?
Ik! That's cuz I'm stupid!!!
Come outside now please
I was asked how old I was today. I said that I remember when the M in MTV stood for music instead of maternity. That. Old.
Beautiful sunshine in NYC GreenFlea market today!Favorite item 2day: Okra/eggplants Fatayas& spicy ginger pears!THKS2all!Have a great week!
Limited spots available for the 1st Build Day. We would love to bring 120 people but we just can't. So if you want to go sign up early.
what do u Meen?
I always used infant ibuprofen. Lasts longer.
my workout playlist is full of bad music. I pretend that's the only time I listen to it.
section 109. Asking face value, $190 for the pair.
just licked my elbow
with some MARGARITAS
haha date night
WHO INSPIRES YOU??
Bulletin board material always helps!
we should play a party together soon.
I think 14th is where Lincoln Mall starts. As close to there as possible
": wah, your tweets are so depressing! p;" I'm sorry. D; lol
I Need a drink!!
you already know brus! Let's run it!!!! Let's get it!!!!! What's up witcha doe?
Priorities for the future 1. Leadership Development 2. Strategic thinking 3. Risk taking.
Author John L Brown did it again. Mentally Blind the book you will never forget.
I will be there!! RT : Great music, yummy food! Check out at Fri. 9-11 p.m. $7 well spent.
Justice League Unlimited. Final episode. Superman. "World of cardboard."
was that the reference you were making? or just some cosmic shit?
I was abused by teachers and I have a fairly high IQ. One teacher tried to fuck me and another did fuck my GF. Go USA!
- gets better. It's a character drama - gotta get to know the characters.
what was he fined that much for?
Also, #FF don't miss out on the upcoming events!
I need to follow more people on instagram... Kinda boring
The Blues, Part Three- Albert Ammons starting out the day.
Nice one! Thanks for sharing the photo.
girls never let a guy come between u and your besties and 4 some advice dont go out with stevan belliveau and if are friends with him u got
Damn fam just gon blast me huh...i gotcha when i get hm u alreddi kno & gud lookin out fa da #Queen!!!
"The ClueTrain Manifesto" - my review of a classic … bit.ly/j7FRjy … plus info on how you can get it for free!
“: Hey Manny Pacquiao called for death to all gay people. Drop him and #MakeItCount”
Keeping a pace that life demands.
can you not. :c
Went out with a friend, we walked for ages, What are your plans? <AB
My dad is rushing me home so I can see the voice. I'm right around the corner from my house!!!!!!
Push beyond the border of excellence- CROM
If only I had a bb gun and some woods right now... or a pine tree haven. ha! so many forts
If you're American and use the word Mum for Mom, you need to be kicked in the fuckin' head.
Who's on your side?
order you tickets today for Victorian Halls' "Big Bad Wolf Show" at the Beat Kitchen! www.tinyurl.com/VHtickets
please call this number 254-716-4646 Please its my friends birthday! :) She would be so happy! :) 9
Good morning all.. It is just too cold outside to function!
just had a margarita with grain alcohol
Going to bed early. Good night
Ain't Guna lie , I'm in love with Yelawolf n his music <3
GOOD LUCK!♥
Polk describing the use of chaplains during WWII to encourage soldiers to choose faith over fear and blend patriotism w/ religion.
Looking for good Bulgarian food in Chicago? You may be in for a trek. Was recommended Serdika Cafe at 9439 W Irving Park (Schiller Park).
We're stuck outside the fence, but we'll be rollin' deep with the all-star spirit! Let's go East!!
Thanks for the follow!
Baltimore, Maryland Weather :: 65F Fair: 65F Fair
Thank you so much Aeicha!
While team value has gone up. MT : Feel good for Pacers owner Herb Simon, who said he has lost $ for 11/12 years in new arena.
Wish the refs would just let the teams play seriously
Absolutely. Jar Jar in Avatar makes all kinds of sense.
It's how our relatives entertain us during those icy winters in Saskatoon.
in the px, and he didn't see me.
When it's just because you love me You'll let me Maybe
thank you so much!
I lived at Sunset and Gardner... my old hood! Too bad I wasn't doing standup then... it's a place for it.
A lifetime #car2go membership is currently only $35! This fee includes: maintenance, fueling, insurance, parking & 24 hr cust. service line!
it's reminding me more and more of lost... and the last episode really surprised me. you?
it took me a few hours to change transparency background...i don't get it yet...
I wonder why Visual Studio puts .csproj files in the Recent Projects list. I've never wanted to open a .csproj in my life.
Alright thats cool i understand just take your time.
The buzzer in the SDSU/Baylor game sounds funny
Before you go to sleep, write down 5 things you're grateful for.
Should I have seen Drive or Shane?
You can have anything you want if you are willing to give up the belief that you can�t have it
A gentle and welcome into the world of earthquakes, East Coasters!
Come back on facebook!!
Listening to 'Five Leaves Left' by and JPQ after getting the CD in the mail this morning. Gorgeous! Lovely packaging too.
Truism: "Blues is easy to play, but hard to feel." - Jimi Hendrix
- please,. you don't want the boys hating us because we keep sending hate. It"s not right. I know we can be better than this! xx
Procession of Faith right now at OITP - Mozart's "March of the Priests" leading them in. Slowly.
There is some kind of St. Patty's bar crawl going on at the Square. When did March become "let's get drunk" month?
who needs those groupon wannabes in DC. I'm ready to rock.
Are you staying warm in this cold?? We have just what you need to feel better! Stop in and see us open till 9! :)
Off out soon to do some photography at a Fancy Dress 40th Birthday Party!!
teaching style has nothing to do with charter vs. non.
Actually, I have a great sense of humor. But some mocking just meant for public perception.
how much longer do we need to wait until we hear you play Cher Lloyd ? :-)
Thanks Jared.
YOU ARE AMAZING! Thank you so much for that. Seriously the best.<3
I don't mind reading I wish I liked to read more but it's hard for me to find a book I can really get into.
well that's also part of spring clean up. Kudos. ;)
that was supernice
Busy weekend with interviews, article writing, and working with our webpage designers Can't WAIT to debut the webpage to you all!!!! :-)
At home with my baby girl and why you acting up
I don't think straight people even think of DPs or CUs benefitting them, unless maybe they're old.
I'll be
Great workout. A little tanning action. Now headed home for some dinner.
a must have for game days
Visit our website, we have lots of beautiful Apartments and USC Housing for Students! www.sternmanagement.com
Did Obama get caught playing dirty basket ball politics with Russia? Or was it simply lips service?
Shout out to , hurry up & follow him. He follows back. He's cute too(:
Poor fly in the office - so many windows it wants to get out of, but none of them open.
Danke, I will!
Awesome goal! I recently got a camelback water bottle with a straw attachment. Much easier to drink extra H2O!
I guess A&M will just have to organize one, then! :)
You’re not alone, I'm always there for you
Bill just read a letter from a Pittsford parent thanking him for his support of their girls volleyball playing son. A hater is on hold.
Austin. The reason why I'm still standing upright in this world with confidence and the one that taught us that EVERYBODY is beautiful, ♥
Beauty Tip: Winter dries your skin like crazy -- moisturize every day!
Today is a big paperwork day... not the most glamourous part of the job, but it needs to be done. It looks so sunny and nice outside.
legs are so smooth :) just shaved hahaah their like so soft haahahahah
I feel kinda home sick
Current mood: jazz flute.
meeting as many fans as u do, I was JW do u ever remember any of them? DO U REMEMBER ME?? I showed u an email Susie sent me!:))))
thanks for the RT!
Thank you to the guys store at Grand Central. They cleaned up my watch & replaced the battery for free. :)
Wow that movie was so friggin emotional :(
what does your pickle look like? Hahahhaha JK I told u I was gonna keep it clean.
I think it was quite lucky compared to a flying knee.
nope have coffee, sitting in lobby. U?
You know that new Portlandia commercial on IFC? That song? That's me singing! Me me! Yes! Still haven't seen it :( -JW
I could never forget you. Ever.
"I've learned on the fly to think and work like an archivist." The problem of explaining our profession plus outside threats
VERY excited to announce that the keynote speaker for the Roosevelt Dinner (on 4/16/11) is CO Gov. John Hickenlooper!
That was a weirs ad awkward experience...never again i think.lol. 😳
i literally share this sentiment every single workday. shew.
Hey! You should not die because we'll probably use you at a future show
RT : MT : Amazing Stats -> 6.8 Million Android And iOS Devices Were Activated on Xmas Day, 242 Million Apps...
Nf follow back
Can't stop watching
Gameday in the desert go coyotes beat the preds
I know right! I was like loooool wtf. :]
Omg! My mom being so difficult right now! Kmft
My Baby Got A JetSki:) can't wait to ride !!
This isn't your standard box mac & cheese - try one of tonight's dinner specials the Bleu Steak Mac & Cheese w/choice of side salad or soup!
Yeah! I made it this round, too!
I have an alligator head in this plastic bag
just gave my bunny some yumm yumms and watter
yes maybe stay there lol don't like it here
I'm just saddened, heard you all had fun with frisbee golf yesterday sad I missed that too
I'm down
It would be so nice if I could stop working and have some fun.
so I think you need to visit the dc office and also cook for me
long live
Thanks for including me in your MediaTalk wiht Meaux!
I have almost 500 000 suscribers on youtube ! THANK YOU! New video coming soon
www.msnbc" unfreakinbelievable. its not because she is a democrat and i am not. it is because she was given a responsibility and she is
Need something to do on a Friday night? Come to the Clerk's office and vote early! We're open until 7PM. Don't need a reason but bring ID
while everybodys makin babies ;; im makin money #$$$
Wow long time since I was last in a computer, or at leats Twitter.
Of course, couldn't forget that! :)
“Successful people are masters of the process of their chosen field. Its a PROCESS, so nestle in and have patience.”
Peggy's dress blends right into the sofa.
Yes! Has the little one arrived?
let's just not have today and say that we did #toomuchtoask?
Looking forward to reading it already!
Wherever faith has led me, performance is going to validate me!
cool! why??
due to the game none of us can afford to miss, our meeting will be postponed until next tuesday, same place same time. GO LAKERS!!
“: Spurs are a cohesive unit with phenomenal Individual Play that is created thru TEAM play!”
Thanks Duane for the RT
We have a very fun contest coming soon and we will be announcing the winners of last week's contest tomorrow! =)
I don't believe in political correctness only political POLITENESS. We can be polite yet ALL THE MORE BOLD in our proclamation!
OJ is what happened to the grizzlies. Fucking free throws and OJ
how long u been in washington
Just Because That's Your Close Friend... Don't Mean That's Your Real Friend...
aw, shucks. thanks, max! see ya in nyc this weekend?
Two weeks from today, we will be putting together another 90 food baskets. Help feed a family in need at www.feedchicago.org
I want to hear all about it!
Let's get the UK on deck for sure. I'm excited to come back and hang soon.
"Peanut. Lookit that watch. God damnit "
following nancy
Shit well that depends on the woman big dick or not some women dont take no shit
heck yes!! It's that alberta beef, it keeps us lookin good.
Congrats to UD football on their Iowa Conference Championship!!!
John Kerry, unusually pithy: "No supercommittee can succeed with Grover Norquist as its 13th member."
Thanks for the #FF mention!
bought & downloaded the app but never really used. Perhaps I should give it a go, combined with IFTTT, thx for the tip.
I hate how life isn't fair
that is awesome! :)
She's making jewelry now. She's got her life on track.
Smh! 😝😖😭RT : we be doing this again in 2 weeks at
2Chainz is nicce. Selling out shows left and right.
Cant sleep me thinks i need something in me first
Gmail Changes Again: Google Rolls Out New Look
I love musical theatre, was just picked up in a chair and carried around by 4 people
- will be at the Baltimore panel on education Wednesday at digital harbor high if you'd like to connect prior!
We have some great art pieces available in our store!!!
I haven't worked for the JS for two years. My daily media column runs in OnMilwaukee.com
NBC: CDC is investigating reports of a "possible illness" on plane.
Sounds like it's a "Dancer In The Dark" kind of night. . .
3/4-1 mate, not great. Sent my dad to put my bet on, I'll let you know when he's back! Should put Frankel in too I think
OMG! Hot Sunday in LA :) Malibu beach? Yea! :) #HappySunday for all averyone :)
Fab. Design Tip: Bring in fruit and forsythia branches and place in water to enjoy early blossoms.
Stayed home today. Watching #DeadlyWomen with momma :)
follow me ??? please ??? pretty pretty please?? I love you ! . <3 please please please :)
There are 2 types of shows: the trade shows you are attending and the trade shows you want to. Ask what shows you target market attends?
Saw Johnny depp's doppelganger today. So naturally
yayyyyyy i just got booked for a big commercial.... details coming soon!!! ♥ ya
But I like to keep somethings to myself
Ms. did you get the latest video I submitted?
can't wait to see you Tuesday. :)
Jaden Smith was lookin pretty cute .
Happy Easter everybody! Have a blessed one.
On our way to get pre-orders shipped off. Sorry for the delay!
Making this brand happen if its the last thing i do.
thanks for the rt
Happy #Starwars and #Avengers day. May the 4th be with you as you battle for a good seat in the theater for The Avengers.
I like to keep an eye on the Stanford and UMich centers. Their missions and contexts are similar to those of
Its always funny wen women try 2 spit game or use lines lol
TGIT!! Which means tomorrow is Friday!!
I start at 800
We need to bring some New York into Miami. These peeps care a little too much about keeping a tan.
One month till BSR!! Running in the suburbs is weird. cc:
☞Happy Birthday!☜
I love when people try to be rude to a celebrity on Twitter and when they respond, their tone completely changes and start sucking up.
Haha Jacob... funny (not really)
It's nice when someone more experienced w/D&D says my encounter idea is "perfect." Makes me feel like I have half a clue abt what I'm doing.
Yes, an iPad with a Retina display IS every bit as good as I imagined it would be. Glad I waited to replace my original.
lol well i would say watch but I'm sure you will only get the satisfaction of saying I've seen it
Mainstream HOLLYWOOD is about to produce HELLA "Think Like A Man" replicas. "Oh THIS is what they like now?"
then dont delete /:
take your reverse cowgirl ass on
shout out to the mindless chic of the universe x2 u the best *drake voice*
Eww I would NEVER smoke a Cancer Stick ! .-.
i like taking time and i like your mind.
Understand the ski hill in Houghton, MI, opened early this year. Is central Wisc. in a snow drought? Big hopes for real snow soon
Lol I got called that in college cause of the way I look from the inside of my facemask man. I can see that though.
Over here now. Smooshed near double police line.
m22q 1st half so excited , inter will put off his angel mask and will show the real football . ??
after 3 months..back to twitter...
Good morning fam....getting a early workout before I hit the highway to Portland .......
Whoops just blew a stop sign while tweeting.. Guess I'd be one of those idiots 😳
Innovative educational toys will create a stimulating environment for kids & encourage children to take their first educational steps.
starts at 2pm today
I think that's part of the problem. Info Lit means various things to various people; Copyright for example...
Whats up Danny!
The adult prom dresses at this prom show are amazing so far
No good decision was ever made in a swivel chair
Where are you going nug?! RT : Flight delayed 2 hours. Hungry and bored- not a good combo. Anyone at love field?
#howtokeepawoman a good deadbolt on your doors?
more give aways this evening... around 7 pm!!!
Girl-band gig at Paragon - Bangkok Post
Agree & why social networks are so popluar RT so funny when people try their ABSOLUTE hardest to get attention
He's so disgusting. He literally offends me more than the entire "cast" of Jersey Shore.
#bbn is all in!!
worked all weekend
Happy halloween!!! Tweet at me what your dressing up as
Oh! Now I know why some of those books are $0. Excellent. Now to test out some behavioral economic theories on myself.
Nice quote in The Globe. Sorry they had to mention the "smoky bar." Wouldn't happen in Boston or NYC.
Just put like half of 's laptop in my mouth
I'm sure you're talking about the only 2 lesbians on fire island
Welcome to twitter ...How about a follow back??
Bill Tierney speaking on gaming and higher ed at
okay get some rest I know you're in tough situation
I'm starting to see again!!! those stupid drops they give u make u go blind!!!
Now Rush is complaining about "overeducated single white women"...yeah because he can't bully them. What a dick.
AND DAVID RULE!! Thanks for the ride!!
can't WAIT to get into the studio!!!!
Haha. This is true! Only reason I was glad she won reward! I seriously wanted to watch it again right after it was over. LOL
Your tweets provide me with 140 characters or less of the giggles.
I rock wit ALL of the #LEM family know each other or not we cut from the same cloth believe in us all that all I need
Off to MelCamp 3. Looking forward to 2 days of DH and Melville talks and workshops.
if you don't have Royal Trux or Boredoms, you can hardly claim to have "almost all of the recorded music on the planet."
Yea right, your going on a day vacation for your birthday…BTW Happy Birthday Old Man!
You Know , Use My Time Wisely . .
The cocktail w/Fino Sherry and Orange Bitters (name?) was a hit at #FamilyDinner last night- thx for the inspiration!
my resolution is to eat as much as possible so I will help u by helping me lol
Real anxious to see her, but I'ma remain patient...
Don't enable offenses to offend your future. Forgive the offense and empower your future.
Howard Stern is a passionate First Amendment advocate, yet he wants to silence criticism by fans? Nothing wrong here...
It's GAME DAY #RavensNation LET'S GO!!!!!
Has your church sponsored or supported a church plant?
Headed 2 the gym with my dad nd my best friend, then heading 2 Red Lobsters 2 watch the Bulls
Thanks for the tip!:) I'll try it!
Teacher I talk to everyone moving my seat will not help
sounds good to me, what do yu need me to do?
That reminds me when we went to San Marcos church & you were staring down that child hahaha
Baby you're the best so I can't do better. <21
I just finished a 4.86 km run with a time of 29:00 with Nike+ GPS.
Watching my NEW 37" tv that I bought... upgraded from a 20" inch box handed down from my parents. Movin' on up, and it feels so good!
Python, with "True=False" legal in 2.x, is "grown up" but Ruby is worth leaving over shell scripting shortcuts? o rly.
I'm not gonna sweat today.
no worries. Was all over the place. Great event!
Mani/Pedi monthly ...you know ladies
Ghost protocol ain't half bad so far
ok thanks
“: Get off of Twitter and go stretch. #cheerstruggles” me right now
Can't believe that the season finale of #WalkingDead is only 4 days away. It's going to be epic!
yeah it needs to STOP!! U WILL NEVER FIND A GUYS IF YOU CANT LOOK PAST ONE THING HANNAH~!~~!! i love you :)
harrison ford, how I love thee
southern indiana may as well be mars.
why are you not in my life
Is #Romney eligible to run for president? Something about his dad not being a citizen? Why are we just now hearing about this?
1. Buy Hamster. 2. Name Hamster virginity. 3. Lose Hamster. .....Close enough (._.)
And that's love...
and they shouldn't be. 401 Ks have been a joke since they came along. We need pensions paid out of emplr pocket instead of bonuses
Fucking data war
At Poetry & Beer, but drinking a mudslide. Waiting for Ginsberg.
": Word of advice friends, be careful when removing bookmarks from all up in your wazoo....papercuts."-->can be very painful lol
Wow dude, wow.
Take a leap tonight & play speedy bingo from 11pm till closing
Absolutly! We would love for you to join us! We will be at Senor Fish at 1p :-)
germs make me angry no matter what form they come in; but I get your point, its a good one.
DSK charged with 'aggravated pimping'
"It sucks when your body is slowly dying" - Quoted from my loving and caring boyfriend about my ailments.
20 point blow out
Follow asap! !!!! follow follow follow common!
If I fell in love with a girl on twitter it wouldn't even be the dumbest thing I've done TODAY!
This girl weave had to be made with beef & broccoli.
softball all day tomorrow...well least i get to relax at the races after:)
not to me. "Ace" is more about absolute ability and production than ranking. There probably aren't 10 "aces" in MLB.
That's really planning ahead. Are you really accurate enough at falling to pass out on a card?
My ni**a, I'm faded faded faded
oh aha well yeah I am up and yes I do
Tip of the day: always take pride in your properties.
i have been grounded literally for like a month!! I missed you more! :)
even their breed is adorable. Never have I ever heard of a morkie or a morkie poo. Two #Cute puppies. :D
Tired,sick,and I forgot to do my algebra homework last night. But I'm still going to school. Yaaaay,not! I just don't wanna take finals. Lol
Out and about
; i minus well have cheated on you as much as you have accused me of cheating.
Missing series finale and Grey's Anatomy finale were both good!
To the most talented singers and actors that passed on, may you rest in peace, your work will stay in our hearts and in our memories
#Cleaning day! And making yummy food for the #superbowl tomorrow! Anyone else making anything good?
I'm just gonna say it: I don't think #tiger catches Jack.
well when i see u i will tell u silly, so hurry up and hang with me
Getting warm here in Vegas. This is the perfect place for a water park so why did they close wet n wild. Bring it back please!!!!
yeah and I just DM'd you my algebras :)
can you buy a ticket?
lol. A cat coding would be scary. The mouse would never work- it'd keep running away :)
how much of his contract do we eat
Had a great Valentines Day with the boyfriend and my baby girl #Leah. Couldn't ask for anything better, (: <3
Yes, & mine are usually form letters & twice I got a sentence or two with general negative comments.
24″ Storage Hutch – Series A Pewter Collection – Bush Office ...
Easter egg tipis!
Following the tweets from #infocamp Sounds like a super interesting unconference!
Fighting the good fight aint easy!
I need some books on tape for all these long drives
Your so amazing my love <3
problem w. these other niggas they aint ever real.
What are the top medications that you or a loved one need financial help with?
It worked the other day but I've tried it again for the past couple of days and I'm running into the same error.
I never seen you before
Enjoyed connecting w/ today; great & growing ag/aqua, green tech, next gen mfng, more in
This will not end well for you. Surrender now.
dude. so good. think I'll have a bowl of it now. Or six.
Yes that was an earthquake! Did anyone feel it in Columbus?
Ugh! SO SORRY! I didn't message you!!! I feel like a jerk! But obviously we didn't make it to seattle. We took Julisa on a 45
Vicky - I have to admit your daily tweetpaper has a really interesting name... :p
I was at the metronomy show last night and a girl complained about a 4 dollar water with a #louisvuittonpurse. #shitushould not do with that
Good Morning :)
. it's okay to get comment from a concerned party, but do you think they would say ANYTHING else besides scares on teen drug use?
Speaking of biscuits, my wife makes INCREDIBLE biscuits. Worthy of committing murder over, even WITHOUT butter.
thanks so much! what a great response time:)
Here's the deal, follow us and tell others to follow us, then you can download our album for free at www.blasesplee.com
"u r amazing..be strong..this shall pass..get a massage...relax..keep smiling..u have too much class to let it effect you..
lunch? hm
Watching "Saturday Night Live" with Viggle. Get real rewards just for watching TV.
I can't wait til the iPhone 5 I'm getting it
oh well.
Working till 11.
Get ready for lots of cruise sales on Black Friday-some even start tomorrow! Lowest pricing of the year so don't miss this! 800-803-7245!
Last veteran of #Warof1812 was Hiram Crock who died in 1905 @ 105!
watching the fight on saturday!! at AMC sunset place with my lover <3
Join us in thinking good thoughts for as she prepares to compete in tonight's #AmericanIdol ! Go, Jessica!
Fun times but the rain sux..
You can't download Flash without JavaScript but can you download JavaScript without Flash?
That's what we like to hear! RT : This place is amazing!
I'm sorry :/ I bet the wine did help :) hope you're having a wonderful week & love to you xxoo
Potluck with some of my fav ppl was great! Now time to get ready for my KY Derby party tomorrow!!!
Anyone been to Hawaii? Any good recommendations or must-sees?
CyberMaryland makes national debut at RSA 2012 today. If you're attending RSA 2012, be sure to stop by Booth
yes he does. Especially when his guys catch the ball. Just missed rookie on home run.
We doing shows for nice prices book Take Money ENT
Fuuuuuuuuuuuuck. I'm so tired right now it ain't even funny. And I got places to go :(
Colin that's gross ;)
#nowPlaying Kryptonite - Purple Ribbon All-Stars
The advantage of a bad memory is that one enjoys several times the same good things for the first time. Friedrich Nietzsche (1844 - 1900)
Magnet Creative Seminar next wknd in NYC; How Social Media is Making Your Work Cooler, Better & MORE Creative than Ever!
Happy new year
Ouch RT "NBA fines Delonte West $25,000 for 'wet willy" incident. Surprised West says LeBron's mom only charged $25."
construction starts ahead of schedule on NB I-69/116th st/SR37. Drivers brace for a summer of back ups and INDOT talks timeline at 5
Thank you for the s/o!
It is a delightful composition. My pleasure!
Happy birthday!!
Frank Sinatra plays on tonight. Im in the right place New York New York
Well played, Lane. Well played.
Beasting on the riesling at the hotel bar... strangely enough, it is not making me feel like a badass.
yeah it should cause
Slapping would have been too kind...lmao i sound like such a bitch sorry XD
Make the weekend extra special with a trip to San Su!
flyers sucked tonight , hopefully can come out friday and end it.
"What's your favorite beer?" "An open on!" "So how do you when you're done?" "There's no more beer left.." hahaha Jeff Dunham
Don't miss the final two 'Septime Webre's The Nutcracker' shows at at 11AM and 3:30PM today! :-)
I dont know what that was. :(
RT : . put on a cool panel discussion on Artist Residencies tonight. always love their events.
Learning new ways to think about biz models with Tim Clark author at w and
So ig let them bieber tweets begin , ik they're coming since his birthdays tomorrow /: lol
haiyaaa : D how're you doin?
man u replied to the oldest tweet in the world know u don't know what u doin
I know, right? It's been too many years since I used "ceedus lapeedus" in a conversation...
dude - what new weather guy? Trout?
The Lord Is The Only Way Out...So Take That Way..While You Still Have Time..
Did everyone take advantage of our half price Twitter offer last night? Check in often for more cool Twitter offers !
I had no idea Rob Lowe had made a career change to sports reporter!
what SD musicians, bands, DJs, concert venues do you LOVE? email me at . top answers to be published in our june music issue!
haha, I know -- funny, right? I don't always follow my own advice, but I do my best. :)
Super tired o:<
thanks, you bastard. it was great catching up at #mw2012 and #aam2012. ;)
#FOLLOW for #S_H_O_U_T_O_U_T s
omg yaaayay you should have a random meet and greet while your here! we miss you so much here in NY! <3
Because there is no physical ownership of materials it should definitely be less expensive.
....HaPpY bIrThDaY to one of my favs. Wishing you much love health happiness and wisdom. And cake and ice cream. :)
Everyone go follow AMAZING VOICE!! Ya won't regret following him(;
your still in school and I'm out partying with sammie so thptttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttt lol
watching Like Crazy!(:
do they have multiple takes for the boardroom scene or does it just shoot straight through? Is any of it scripted?
You should run a herpes train
Okay, I totally missed something. Was it in the cereal?
“: RT : #stlcards have called a press conference for 9 a.m. CDT today at Busch Stadium < Pujols is staying!” or Tony.
RT : Women Rock Climbing with Teamwork In Action / May 5th, 2012 (1day) - DIY Santa Fe - Santa Fe Creativ......
If you had a habbit of doin bad good is your enemy makes you wanna go bad agin !!
Thanks for the tip! We will be in soon to try the burgers!
you should, but you won't!
I can feel a migraine coming on.
Hello Sam Thompson welcome to the NCAA tournament! better late than never
Weed to. I don't know why people enjoy inhalin that stuff what is so damn good about it?
Barbara Walters is a hot old lady
that's a nice way to put it.
2nd ever Sideshowcase tomorrow at 8pm in Belmont Blackbox!! Looking forward to some awesome Nashville talent? We are. :)
Dance For You By is
: I had a great time last night Stu. It was a warm and very special evening. Thanks for all your support.
your full name is like a good burger then
Lets get bigger! Follow EHBS on FaceBook as well as here! You won't regret it.
FOLLOW HER, NEED 4000 FOLLOWERS :)
The way I spend my weekends >
lol thanks! Text me too so I have your #
Fml.... I hate ppl
Which of the 3 undefeated teams have the best chance to finish undefeated?
Thanks Megan!
Users may be experiencing an issue with our service; our engineers are currently working on this issue.
I have the stupid stomach flu and it is not fun :(
I will have to add tonight to my personal milestones!
Filming a music video tomorrow at the beach(:
Great stuff...and timely for me. I'm planning to give my gown another spin on our 5th anniversary--12.01.11.
u first
or fully naked hahaha
Thanks! Reading is always so much more fun when begging is involved. :)
Brain Floss: Believe it or not, an asian elephant in Canada has crowns on his tusks! They weigh 28lbs each and are made of metal.
Austins new song. R.I.P ovaries
well then ill take you out and eat , mcdonalds ? (:
Working out details for show at UConn in March or April. See all you Huskies in the spring!
don't think i dont know what u left in my car door. game on sister
We weren't talking about singing, we were talking about talking. Why bother, right? We have twitter. haha
Second half play is underway here at Magness Arena
RT “: oomf breathe smells........ I hate that shit to the fullest” Point Em Out!
Extra innings coming up here at Mt. Pleasant as Paris and San Jacinto are tied at 4
I think I like who I'm becoming
stop hating! 😊
You can always order online :-)
Lin, JR, Melo, Stats, Chandler or is < Lin, Fields, Melo, Stat, Chandler
Is the "Black Crab" syndrome myth or reality? Blacks that are signing up don't seem to care! If Love is blind, Black is indifferent! :-)
Unfinished Brazilian Walnut 3/4" x 2-1/4" in-stock. Great for creating a custom design floor.
You're tellin me! Whew! About to give up for the night!
you didnt even watch it last year
raw athletic talent with no brain lol
your welcome :) and love the bracelet you show on facebook where did you get it?
Great to hear Randy. We're working up the Malvern Hill Battle App right now.
thanks! Sounded like it was a block from our house.
RT : Farmers to receive grants to fight pollution in parts of Chesapeake, other watersheds - The Washington Post -...
i'm goin on tomorrow! :)
never!!! Not in a million years, you will never be replaced!!! Always and forever you will be my twin!!!
Me too - I love avocado :)
a whole lot of craziness!
It's Always Sunny... :)
thanks brotha! ya guys did better than we did, hopefully we both steal Game 2.
5 years, 42 mil, 22 guaranteed. he better be suckin his agent off daily and swallowing for that deal. lol
i knew Lyric wasn't just tan for his age.
Good Morning Fans! Where are all of your pics of your weekend gigs?
thank you too
Zeno's 2nd Paradox: First step, no matter how long the journey, is infinitely small.
I MEAN I DIDNT SEE THE GAME AT ALL.
must be on his way up... He's got a name tag waiting for him.
Times like this I wish my dogs could be inside ^.^
Journey's " Don't Stop Believin'" just came on, and the restaurant instantly got quieter. People wanna listen, I can tell. cc:
It's been 22 hours since tweeted and I need him to tweet again. I'm going through withdrawal.
I'll never let your head hit the bed without my hand behind it
If it's been that long... have you been requoted since? You're probably overspending by a lot. If we can help, let us know.
I was your friend when nobody else was..
And so, spring cleaning begins...
I fell asleep with my hand down my pants. Should I skip church and just go straight to h
46 East Superior! Happy New years from Salute Cucina and Wine Bar! See you later tonight!!!
I have to say, I'm actually glad Cam Newton wasn't put on the Madden cover. Not that I am superstitious or anything of course.
happy birthday bj :) smile!!
gaah, i forgot she was ginger! Nevermind, not the hot one anymore! I only like gingers i know, because they have souls!
When you wake up and have to pee a waterfall. = me right now.
Free Food, Music and Llamas? Check it out at Club Deville now!
I act like shit don't phase me, inside it drives me crazy my insecurities could eat me alive.
Angie Kelley: ntroduces panelists: journalist from #Alabama and Georgia, Tom Baxter, Pulitzer Prize Winner , and
Daddy's Lambo.
nah man have a competition satday. When does that deal end??
There is a major lack of communication here...
Obstacles don't have to stop you. If you run into a wall, don't turn around and give up. Figure out how to climb it, go through it, or work
Aristotle and Hippias say that [Thales] gave unliving things a share of soul, conjecturing this on the grounds of the magnet and amber- DKA1
can you blame Lebron with a view like that in the middle of January? Bet Lake Erie looks just a tad bit different.
Almost there!
spring. . .sprang. . .sprung!!
Thank you for the info! I believe what i have been shown!I see what others cannot.Liked the message
I keep my shit together, not a screw lose
So far best weekend ever with my boo except of course when I met him <3
Only white pplz come out with shows like this! Niggas ain't going for ish they can't see...
thanks for the RT
I assume when Mitt Romney favors "punting" policy decisions to states, you'll also criticize him?
it's possible ;)
Haha, he better cause I've been good (;
me either :L
Congratulations CM
RT : Our full menu is now up on our page. Please check it out when you have a minute, and then come in and TRY it out!......
This should say "Money & a future". lol
That argument is the same as saying a convicted killer's innocent until his appeal fails.
Late night watching of Skins. It's a naughty, naughty show.
This years super bowl is significantly easier on the nerves!
Don't believe in talking about your work. Let it talk for itself. I'd rather make money than just converse about my business.
Ugh i'm a mess
i dont tweet anymore
Lets go clippers lets knock these grizzlies out
sure sounds great!
what u think about earth 2 am sure u saw that coming right lol
u aren't home?
Mini-marathon done! Boom. I just finished a 13.3 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
I love this weather. When I get to stay inside.
On my ride home by the harbor, all I saw were Yankees fans. That certainly hasn't changed with the current team success.
-- yes please! When's it on? I'm very excited about this film! <3
I still have PTSD from that video.
#FingerTutting really hurts your hands after a while...
When one cup of coffee won't cut it, drink another.
Sometimes I'm just like hey homie can I get a courtesy flush?
Our #AgileUX Meetup with and is tonight at 6pm! If you can make it to , this is not to be missed!
but when you have a nightmare it happens in the middle of the night so that nothing interrupts the nightmare & when u wake up it stil night
Just heard won a National Addy on
I'm sorry but they are and you know it lol
Thank you! We are so glad you enjoyed your dinner. We always love to hear from our happy customers. Hope to see you soon!
Hybridan&#39;s Small Cap Wrap
quadfest, CJ's.... hurry up old woman
So, Mayor Ford won't attend the gay pride march --- what does he attend, like the openings of new box stores?
Hello HJC All bst FREE E-BOOK Award Winning novel GRAY RAINBOW JOURNEY Limited time offer Contact
. with their work on Sarah Phillips and with their work on Junior Seau: more proof that "blogs" know what they're doing.
Thinking If I should call you but idk... I probably won't.
Go N Get It
Oh, I'll just listen to these awesome songs I haven't heard in a while as I do my APWorld homework. NOT THE BEST IDEA. haha
haha. I didn't know he's in it until today...it's gonna be a fun show!
Not surprising. 3D Action movies are almost painful to watch. Thor was basically made for me, and in 3D I couldn't follow it.
haha u have to is so funny!(: sorry I didn't tweet back earlier I was doing a project and my iPod died-__-
I can already feel today becoming a "that thing you scoped for 2 hours will take 9 if you want it to be good/not ruin your life later" day..
If you're driving north to MTL on I-87, be sure to stop by Saratoga Springs for tea and scones!
Hey its Franklin..comin over to your house. LAN
wow, that is this weekend isn't it?
that's sweet :) u can, how are you <3
She coos through French verses in one and English verses in another, along with a sweetly sung chorus. Excited.
Thought 's big announcement On The Verge might have been he was leaving Think the real news might be worse.
when I think of integrity in college basketball I think of IU. Mark Adams, Kelvin Sampson & Bobby Knight r all great IU reps
Life is the continuous adjustment of internal relations to external relations
i want to send you an invite and ask you a question about McNally Jackson, what's the best way to chat?
Thank you to everyone who made tonight so awesome! We all hope to see you on February 18th when we play the loft again!
Eye On The Prize... <3
Back on twitter... for investigative/research purposes. Interesting stuff going on here.
Make love, not war!
I'm afraid if I go out, I might not come back until tomorrow...
My Denver Post will have a four-page special section on the Denver Broncos' signing of Peyton Manning tomorrow. get some!
From San Diego to around the world follow me for #breakingnews 5-7AM at the Live Desk!
Hey UConn Libraries! I'm an iSchool student from University of Washington, visiting Storrs this weekend. What should I see?
#ConcertWishlist Mac Miller
Thanks for the reply. Love all of those places. Looking for somewhere with more light. Maybe Upper Crust.
RT : Ok... RT Tonight's baseball game between Northwestern St and LATech has been cancelled because the...
What's up, pup?
We will have that taken care of asap! We'll be back next week 4 the final! Looks like we may be looking good to hit the streets labor day!
Thanks for the follow, lovely lady. You are an inspiration to me. xoxo
I got instantly hooked to and music and I LIKE IT!!!!
Never stop Hustling that's what it's all about. I finally spent some time on this Twitter...
I sold today for 2 hrs...yet none of my targets perceived it that way. They perceived value.
If would have lost last night, none of these Tweets would be happening. He is just like #Heat fans. Disappear during losses!!!
RT : RT : We are here at the W Austin on #DodgeDartDrive #Motorama LIVE participants sharing our 1st drive...
Thanks for the tip about Renaissance Soul. I put it on my wish list immediately!
DK please get back together before the 5 of u girls make a fool out of yourselves& destroy the little bit of pieces that was once ur career.
If the #Mavs aren't going to care about this series then I guess won't either
it depends on the project. sometimes both.
Oh my. Kanye is here for
I'd take Jeff fisher over Vince young anyday, Fisher is a great coach, Young is a headcase. Easiest desicion to make ever
Cursing the additional snow falling right now.
It's sad that "real" Britney Spears died years ago, but the cyborg replacing her is gonna be judge on one of them singing shows!
Ppl say I'm sneaky.....but it's just that I can do watever I want bcuz ppl would never expect it to me ;)
One carefully selected toy can do so much for a child; the right toy can literally help them discover a love of learning!
No before that like at the very begining of the video lol and they cut a lot of parts out
i'm off, good night! merry christmas/happy hanukkah to all! much love<3
thanks T - I saw some of our #m31000 friends but you both were missed-I bought the bundle at
So This Really Amazing Guy Sent Me To Follow You So I Did <33 :D
ugh. driving back home from work n got stuck in hb traffic :(
What did the Abominable Snowman do after he had had his teeth pulled out? He ate the dentist.
hope whatever you were doing instead of making picks was worth $100
- HA... We're in mourning over here.
Yes. I am going to Blowing Rock, Boone, and Valle Crucis, North Carolina. Will be featuring
Join us for a free public program this Sunday, 3 pm with local artist on "Walter De Maria: Trilogies"
Salt and pepa got this song called "Big Girls" this shit is dope about to do a performance to this!
Hi yourself! Glad we finally connected!
that first swim of the year... oh man
#FF Great interaction this week
aight I will
Hey Yogi what are your thoughts on tonights game Agianst 5Michigan St. vs. 20Indiana? Who will have the biggest impact?
Is no. But you're cuter thN both of us :)
Having another awesome 2 day writing session tonight! Who's excited?!
ahahaaaa oh no!!
Direct from the NYS film office, it's Deputy Director, Jerry Stoeffhaas! Glad to have you here. Anxious to hear the "Made in NY Panel" on...
Thanks girl! Hope you are doing well : )
Thought winter was over? Ugg Boots?
you gotta buy em for a buck. They're kinda cool but you have to copy and paste them from the app
Comics, as much as you think you need to ignore that light, remember that the staff also want to get back home sometime.
Someone put a quarter in Fergie.
you guys interested in playing aug19 in dc with us? We want to see you all rock the sht again!
#ThingsIGetAlot.....You're such a SPOILED PRINCESS :-) :-) :-)
@ Diamondbacks Game roof closed.
Myinfo911 Launches Emergency ID Card And Related Products To Insure That In The Event Of A Medical Emergency Girl ...
You rock. Thank you. I appreciate your kindness.
If you don't know by now, im talkin bout Chi-Town!
Oh my! I hope you haven't forgotten to drink your water?
Congratulations! where can we read this?
Hee! I've never heard it put quite that way before.
Hey everyone
Today is not my day!
hey hey calm down
oh god, this is a site I should not have been exposed to. bye bye money
those look great! did you make them?
Exactly. We don't surrender states, we move in and change them.
Win 2 tickets to Last Night of the Proms at Newark Palace Theatre on 28th Jan! Tweet or DM me why you deserve to win.
My photos always look so much better as online proofsheets from . How do they do it?!
Health Club > Night Club
Just had a good swim :)
Chris Matyszczyk @ CNET.com: you rock!
Art. Authors. Actors. Activists. Great weekend
“The mind is not a vessel to be filled, but a fire to be kindled.” Plutarch
when i'm in the worst mood ever*, mac miller makes it all better. c:
I have to get tickets for one of their concerts on their summer tour if I dont I am going to die. No joke.
Thx for joining us be sure to connect via LinedIn!
RIP Ryan Dunn. Thanks for the laughs. <3
Taking the ACT today...asdfghbnhfds
OH: "The intern has gone rogue!"
like on the app I have I don't get the donut, banana or apple haha.
do it!
Guy just got mad at me for not having a lighter. Sorry man, its not the 90s. Smoking isn't cool.
First day of school went great! :)
completely worth waiting all day for ! I can't believe I held hands with Kendall! <3
is taking her written test for her permit. The anticipation is killing me.
i'm so annoyed today, how lovely.
Good luck! It's not a bad procedure. I kind of liked it since all I ate for a few days was ice cream & chocolate pudding.
Seriously addicted to TED Talks right now.
Me, too. Fuck
Sitting with Bobbie Kilberg, president of , at Consumer Electronics Association "Digital Patriots" Awards Dinner at Newseum.
are you here?
oh I have no doubt, the disrespect pisses me the f off
How do the Marlins lose 7 of 8 but now win 6 in a row? Just keep it up Fishies.
Nope. xD my friend kyle that lives down the street.
why is he even still a coach in the nfl
Do you ever find the time to have some fun with all the work you put in on a daily basis?
(Support&Retweet) Premiere That #Hangover By (Prod By ) On /
ah if you tweeted me <3333
the statue of liberty started shakin her fist
I love driving through New Mexico. There is a lot of beautiful land and I got to see some rain storms :)
you all ready know the weathers breaking ..... i ready ... its my time . dig it .. get up on the week end.come out and play ....
Where can I buy Pacers season tickets?
Alright man sounds good
Checking out the new tribute record to my fave Buddy Holly with nervous trepidation...so far not bad.
At talk about his new book on the mp3, Sterne split the room into 2 -- those who read pre-circulated material and those who didn't.
Happy Holidays! *<||;-) we will be giving out free waffles, coffee, and hot choc. 10-12pm Saturday, and 11-1pm on Chrismas!
the quick green fox hopped past the tired dog.
Early day tomrw.. Back on the grind ;)
One of my favorite movies of all time: Planes Trains and Autombiles....I think I'm reliving it right now. Where am I?
#Pujols will make nearly $70,000/day with his new deal. That is insane.
: RT : Love Rain Cosmetics! Making the girls even more beautiful.
I prefer to be in the know. RT : Ignorance is bliss!
What we want we must become.
Busy Making flyers for the Neighborhood Garage sale we are sponsoring. The Date is Sat. March 31st. Let us know if you want info about it!
thank u for an amazing crew & flight from MCI to Portland tonight. Absolutely loved the wifi on the flight & flight attendants
I don't discriminate based upon age, race, sex, belief, appearance, or intelligence (ok maybe just a little on the last one)...
#detroitbiz from am keynote Kirk Lewis dep mayor on DTW priorities 1) fin stability 2) crime 3) world class educ 4) w/c services for res
"Doing sh#t trumps bull sh#t"
is one of the sweetest singers ever!!
Why is Pandora messing w/ my Sade station by playing Drake and Chris Brown?
Woo-hoo! At my first Sounders FC game right at half field
thanks, likewise! :)
it's okay :O just get better homey
Comment I love to hear most after presenting w/PPT: "What app did you use to build that?"
The difference between the impossible and possible lies in a person's determination.
Can't wait for basketball season. Been looking forward to my senior season since freshman year
you're messing with the wrong group of fans! i hope you know that!
Nice i hope you have lots of fun :)
“: Sometimes the person who's always been there for everyone needs someone to be there for them.” So, so true.
It's been two days like this - not being able to follow anyone... Few months of being able to follow 5-10 per day. Nonsense.
Please follow me it would make today the GRANDest day (: your my VINspiration <3
it would be like using a pink ribbon to market yourself. Callous.
we're def still down. Workin on settin up some dates around recording, hit u up when we get word. Keep killin it
Bummed I missed you! :(
That's what I like to hear.
Fick it I'm going to dye my hair(:
RT : Networking tool kit item #4: A great attitude. Be positive and willing to help others, and we'l help you back!
My brother is listening to it right now.haha never thought it would happen
Is everyone going through a simultaneous attack of life drama these days? >_<
Sorry about all the random posts. I'm still trying to figure it out. Just don't click on any of the links. Thanks.
“The landscape of Indiana’s schools is now one that embraces freedom, competition and accountability.”
I think everyone else in Milwaukee is extra sleepy as well this morning...this #Starbucks is packed. Yikes!
is Facebooking and wondering what can twitting do
It's like they're pantomiming kissing someone and just happen to be bumping their faces together.
Most definitely!!
Light one, pass it like a relay
I hate everyone. Brb, going to a cave.
#ntchat this might be a fun beginning of the year activity to allow kids to tell about themselves
do u know my birthday is november 23?
RT : Damn what a blessing seeing out tonight! So grateful. and Purple Films teaming up real soon!
how long since ur last trimming amigo?
You're welcome!
lol it's not too late, i might switch it up and go to SFA.lol
Chicago people! We're at The Hideout tonight with Would love to see all your midwestern faces!
you got your ass kicked tonight.;)
Billy bout to get GOT!
I'm sitting @ physical therapy as we speak, but its not too fun. Kinda like torture lol so much pain!! Hows the promotion?? :)
I wanna kiss juju in zee rain
Why have I never heard the song "Take My Hand" by The Cab feat. before now?
one of the worst offensive halves of basketball I have seen.
I miss my cousins :/ they all crazy.....& ppl talk bout me?!??!? Lol nigga plzz!!!!
your weird ✌lol
can you take us from belltown to the airport tomorrow morning super early?
Did I tell you I LOVE your icon??? OMG!!!!!!
Y "Water for Elephants" was GREAT 1. I HEART Midgets 2. Robert Pattinson is in it. 3. It confirmed I REALLY want to be in the Circus
what up
missed out on the soft launch this eve - open rest of week before grand opening? Never sure how this works...!
I'm still I'm love with you
Happy Birthday!! Have a great day!! :)
thought I was gonna quit smoking. didn't go so well
We believe that Las Vegas is one great party'! Get out and listen to great music! ;)
Has it been a year since senior hottie already? Jeepers!
Adults are just kids with money.
GREEN DAY
you know what feels amazing? compulsively unsubscribing from every email list you ever subscribed to... 2-3 hours of quiet inbox: priceless.
That nigga is a Celtic hater
It's a great day for an official congrats! See you in SF soon.
I'm never joining a band with manny ever again lol
I dunno who fez is, but you should have come... sick sale :) How are you?
Its on entertainment tonight right?! D: ~23days<3x~
Oh em gee
love you to sis kisses
U hv a nice day to baby. Xoxo!RT hey beauty have a nice day you looks so good always
I trusted you, but now your words mean nothing to me because your actions spoke the truth.
It feels better to say it aloud than keep it to myself
Hopefully everyone is having a great weekend, I know I am.
Great race for Bodemeister, Mike Smith and Bob Baffert!!
looking for info on when #irene will hit Baltimore MD
Finally started the process of writing my short but THE TREE OF LIFE has gotten into me too much. Where's my Fred Neil? He shall rescue me.
My wish is to have everything.
That was so pointless
I'm trying! Fingers crossed. Looking for a day pass.
After night on the town in Bloomington, is looking pretty worse for wear.
You got that right! Thanks for the FF mention, have a great Friday!
And predicts a long line of archivists w/ canceled flights driving down the 90 to boston tomorrow...
#Movement12 was rockin awesome! I wanna be when I grow up! Great job Brother!
For Glee and New Girl? I don't know. For the show? Cause I have short hair.
I just ate all the salmon in the ocean
I mostly just want someone I can check in with once a month to keep me on track and give me workout assignments.
thans for follows
#FF Thanks guys!
[7] ... Sam Harris proposes that ridicule & ostracism be wielded against stupid, dangerous ideas, ...
Happy day-before-earth day. Hydroponic/aeroponic system GR8 4 urban dwellers, kids. More info, send me direct msg.
went to Pisco today & thought of you (and Anvil, of course!)
Ah...home sweet home.
why do you call her Slimer...
C++, Win32, and API Developer needed for a contract position that can start ASAP! Call me at 608-827-8882
RT : Some people succeed because they are destined to, but most people succeed because they are determined to!
The Zimbabwean group Innovators wil be releasing it snewest two singles called number one which they recorded at rick dees entertainment
Happy Bithday and congrats on the #Emmy nomination!
RT : My pussy on another planet; got that NASA pussy.damn aye
Justin you have the stongest mom i know .. She is such a role model! I love pattie !
heading to Atlanta
About to redesign my entire studio set up.
At the tribute to Esther Newton in Ballroom A. #AAA2010 What an inspirational anthropologist!
Today is looking to be a great day.
I was at the PNC show tonight. I was the girl holding up the birthday sign. Thank you SO much for wishing me a happy birthday! <3
Have you bought Mega Millions tickets for tonight's drawing? RT if the answer is yes!
can't stop listening to April's #WHLN .... Only thing keeping me going this morning!
Same here. I love using TweetDeck, especially with the customizable "columns" when you open the widget. So Much easier!
haha back of! I know I was a little late...
Do this then MOCT RT :Missed the first happy hour?Lucky ,we run a late night special starting at 9 p.m.too Everyday Mon-Sat.
No worries though. The Jesus has risen 2010 signs are still there. With the Christmas wreaths.
RT : It's not enuff to want merger. Take action. Pls send in ur YES ballot right away & encourage others to do the same....
I need a bologna sandwich.
Of course I want them back together. It would make me happy. But they have both proven that they're just not in love anymore.
Bailey looks so confident out there. It's great to see
#prettylittlethings is expected completetion in late septemember, early october.
I'm most definitely not looking forward to driving to Conway 7am tomorrow.
Thanks for the plug!
Btw.....geography fail. Philly is not too too far from Hershey....
Stop dreaming about recruiting the heavy hitter. The best business builders are those with a burning desire to succeed.
Thanks so much for the mention and sharing the blog links :)
RT : Hi all! We love the books you've been bringing us but WE WANT MORE! Drop off your donations 2day!
Thanks for helping spread the word about "Slow Me Down"!! Have a great weekend!
crisis averted? Miss ya bro!
you lost your mind about the Celts,,,Merry Christmas Lets go KNICKS
my prayer time this morning was me singing "one thing remains" by bethel church. over & over.
#Badgers unable to hit last shot, fall to Syracuse 64-63 in the Sweet 16.
How can we get played on Slacker, really trying to branch out more! Any advice would be awesome!
i prefer the use of /> for self-closing tags. its more purposeful, and it adds clarity.
Girls, never measure your happiness by whether you have a guy or not. Be happy with yourself.
Just finished the #HungerGames. Now who wants to see the movie with me?
going up to Nor. Cal. My Pop-pop is in the hospital.
So - do we really know who passed the boards? Or will there be a twist?
Re: "movers & shakers" , how many precincts have those kids walked lately?
Preciatee yours to.
I had the best dream ever. I woke up and my heart literally heart. I miss that my little baby. <3
Finally graduated from college. Making good money n got twitter back. Life is good right now. God is good.
You ever just sit in the dark late night and think about your life and everything you would do diff if you could go back and change things
So ready for spring break. How many weeks? No wait...don't tell me. I'll just pretend it's right around the corner.
" bounce out w.Rambo im finna feed this n*, 007 , 223 this n*
Finally finished #walkingdead season 2...wow what a great show!
okay so ? I have more people that want to do it but they haven't done it yet and we can't just cancel because there's ppl
Holy cow Fringe Caucus up to 13 members.
Really enjoying this John Grisham interview on I need to read his books.
Ch.10 ____helps restore the victims standard of living,personal confidence & teach the offender responsibility
Just watched Russell Crowe and Cate Blanchett sashaying in Cannes for Robin Hood on France 24/7. How glamorous they looked.
Voting machine broken at German Immersion school.
Can't sleep. 2 horny
Not a whole lot. I only find myself watching TV news reports about Haiti. I am processing what's happening. That's all I know.
good luck!
Just put my dashboard back together and cleared a few codes. Watching Ghost Protocol, then a test drive
So stressful. Give it to James jones to shoot
florida, and then chicago!
Best tip from #ProsComeHome: Create relationships with your professors >> take advantage of office hours!
#schoolmemories being the teachers favorite >:)
I'd never been to an audition before.. a grotesque carnival of human misery..
and we hope you had fun at the Geek Gala!!
Be sure and check out bar tonight! A great Thursday night & looking forward 2 talking with them about some ideas!
Goddamn I like working with google maps. The v3 api is SO GOOD.
I always forget how my kindle fire can go on the internet((:
i m glad alot of people from my school don't have a twitter ..
Your cool.
Learning how to mingle social media and seo in 140 characters.
I'd be perfectly happy with either one. ;^)
You don't have the time to write your book so let us create it for you so you can become a published author in no time! -Your Thoughts, LLC
Watchingg new cover of Cry Me A River by Justin Timberlake!! It's amazingg! Love it Austin! <3
Mastermind going down!
Love all you guys hell of a game way to back me up.
Lincoln: "Liberty to all-the principle that clears the path for all-gives hope to all-and by consequence, enterprise, and industry, to all."
Pasting is about 73% of most professional writing tasks, by my estimate.
Yes! RT : A3. Exceptional customer service.
sleeping is overrated
Waddup let's go...
Cashier: So are you buying all of these.? Me: Nope, I'm stealing them, but I wanted to tell you first.
Sometimes its the smallest decisions that can change your life forever.
where we going?
Four day weekend for me!
the way u make it seem is like a man is selfish. but thats not the case. we go off of what society says we should be to be
Dude, he built this team from the ground up and had to overpay just to get anyone decent to come here! The team sucked before that
What did the egg say to the boiling pot of water? (It's going to take me awhile to get hard because I just got laid by some chick.)
what??? Since last time???
joshua on announcement making
I wish I knew fluent Korean. (Read, Write, Talk, Understand when someone is talking/singing) So pretty much fluent all around.
Tough way to go out
Hey hey! Thanks man
I thought I was the only one! RT ": That Dorito taco shit is nasty."
Today is Katherine Hepburn's birthday...truly the gold standard for acting!
Thank you Prohorov that you kept silence on
Allergies! Dear God D:
If u want my bbm pin its in my recent tweets :)add me ! :D
haha i totally hurd dipper lol but biffer makes sense now lol
Favorite part of The Muppets movie... 80's Robot:"Would you like some New Coke?" #muppets Kermit:"Not now 80's Robot!"
what's up Flesh, tell LB and Bob I said what's up.
So u just accept that as reality? Suck for 3.5 years to win in years 4 or 5, and if things don't turn our perfectly, repeat?
I'm almost finished reading your book, Un-Marketing! So good! Love, love, love it!
Hacked by Katy! I love u mal. Even though you freak out over things like going to the doctor baha I love u boo!! You'll be ok
B4 I move is love a proper tour of Atlanta
Stop trying to hold onto the past. You can’t start the next chapter of your life if you keep re-reading your last one.
first to buy an tshirt!!! Thanks for the love
oh no I'm talking about this dance not the trip lol
Why Guys? Why put doesn't follow me :( is horrible!! :/ I miss my followers:'(
Seeing the maine in june fuck yes.
I'm the Kedrick Perkins of knuckle sandwiches RT True. Knuckle sandwich rescinded.
what did she do?
Brewers already down big, 'xers gettin killed...do the lakers have a chance aka should I even go to the bar?
“In this country, people succeed when they have the chance to get a decent education and learn new skills.”—President Obama”
Yea :p
I absolutely will ;)
Are yhu trying to make yhur #mahomies cry???? I'm balling my eyes out😭😭 !! I love yhur new song
really when I got home I saw your text and didn't even wanna try after that I was so annoyed w/out my car .. O wells
Big ups to for producing the new spring tanks. Rage with him at #CowboysThursday!
i miss all my niggaz my ride or dies
hope to hear you on the airwaves again soon.
Ewwww. I don't wanna go to school tomorrow -.-
sounds awfully painful!
What'd you think of Planet B-Boy?
I now understand why the Brits love their drink. I'd want to forget I lived here.
Did you hook me up or forget like always
I Need A Real Girlfriend One To Tell My Life Too Someone Who Gne Understand
The Town was an amazing movie. Worth the $.
damn. I'm having a back pain right now. So tired. Tomorrow is my enrollment. Hope I'll have a chance to meet them. School time again!
who needs to buy or sell a house,
haha i am a lazy prick at heart! I asked my wife for my birthday and she thought i was joking.. slippers go on right when i
You know things are busy when everyone is home, in their rooms working, and we text each other instead of talking.
a few streets down
We have a two drink minimum because sober audiences are lousy audiences.
why are you hatin'?
someone is always backing out on plans I just need to go out and do things by myself.
“: #SleepingNaked”~~~my kind of woman
what are you guys performing on Thursday?
I have one of these for each of my (3) phones
Pure Sports Group Summer Camps 2010 available at puresportsgroup.com thefutbolclub.com
Aww ok i was like wait where did she go lol. Do you still get the hate?
Rockin!! Get it!!
If anyone needs any xbox live gold check out my link. only19.99 for a 3month until the 15th. so hurry
I thank myself and smile when I realize I deleted everything that you sent me. I rock.
Pastor Greg's Church, I can do that. Don't think Pastor Paul will mind.
Lap Dance Body Workout Done!
Twitter friends, my cousin is in ICU fighting for his life, please pray for him, he is the father of 3 kids & is loved by his family dearly.
Will the Head and Shoulders Qualifier B tournament work today?
They say snakes in the grass, I'm gon cut that shit
great work on the presentation guys!
42 percent of gamers are now women
Morning Ms. Jen! Hope you have great day! Coffee soon!!!
I only get on twitter whenever i'm bored or high. Or both. Usually both.
sad face...come home w/dad tomm
haha miss u!!
Now in Clapp LLR: "libraries as space for teaching, learning & research" event
who you going to the game with tonight?
you do. How's your Casio working for you?
You two need to get to Phat Burrito and Price's ... stat.
Haha #webad So your going to stay at the bistro or are you starting another job?” starting another and staying at bistro
Poutine just jumped into the lead with 2 votes! Meanwhile, go get the poutine ...
I love you too
Looking for established blogs/websites created by Minnesota women...any suggestions?
Nice to "meet" you, ! I look forward to our conversations!
Thanks, Janet! Quite happy with the Council's unanimous vote. Hope the Mayor will listen to them!
exercise bands are still in there - we reclassified them as specialized equipment and they're available as an Expansion Pack!
My Mom got her car door hit this morning and whoever did it didn't stick around it's able to be fixed but it's always something it seems. :(
They're filming a reality tv show in Rice village. I just had to sign a waver. Tv cameras- now my research AND my leisure.
#FF ! 100 followers by the end of the day -- IN THE BAG.
Third Suggestion, Check your schedules with each other and surprise your love with a trip to his/her favorite restaurant during the week.
For heaven's sake, where are my smart sensors?
one is my friend but he like, likes me???? and the other is like mental or something
Every successful person has had failures but repeated failure is no guarantee of eventual success.
Shucks - we'll miss being a true part of the cult. & I have to leave at the end of the sessions today. Catch you next time!
no prob d.m me tho
getting ready for takeoff.
Nah lol not yet
how would you manage fake alcohol?
You're up early..
ditto! Actually insert KC in between Dallas n Oakland wknds. Wonder if I'll run into Glove, ShortDawg, Hamma, or Oaktown 357?
Go read 's Reuters columns, they're like his awesome class minus unlit cigars and withering condescension
g'morning to you too
tired of twitter, tweeting and everybody on here. and it just happened and suddenly
I'm sitting here trying to craft one in my head - so hard! Such clever people, they're cracking me up too!
Xbox 360 or ps3?
i love not having class!.. i know how that feels haha
Do you shop for your man? Scott thinks it's cool Moose says he would NEVER let a woman pick out his clothes 222-9800
new chapter:) hahaha
Paul Harvey..."Good Day"...and Goodbye.
The Scarlet Letter is a horrible book.
Adele is awesome, and sans auto tune, as far as I can tell.
Work Smarter Not Harder
Life is what u make it!!!~
June 1st can not wait to see
A man too busy to take care of his health is like a mechanic too busy to take care of his tools.
I think my love affair with is going to force me to learn Less. Which has been on my list of things to do anyhow.
Copper Mountain in Colorado!
I have a suggestion on a partner store. I think if we got rent the runway as a partner store it would do phenomenal!!
Not a big Madonna fan, but the video display on the field is cool!
for now I'm at my house on the couch watchin cartoons!
Hungover #Brunch anyone?
yo ama get ya punk'd next year... dont say i didnt warn ya
What's the verdict?
& you call yourself my little sister
so I'm walking nd I see santa drivint -_-
do u have a contact for that showcase in Tulsa?
hey bud! Looking forward to better #pics!
Rise & shine tweeps. Today is a great day for goal conquering achieving action!:-) #LetsGo!
i will give you Sate Padang if u come to my house :P
I think you and my friends should hang out on the weekends.
I came home from work and the weather is very cloudy here in ABQ. I think its supposed to rain.
I love Heat haters!!! Much love to y'all!
Seriously, though. If I live in Brightwood Park, will you people come visit me? (I have already hit up )
#Stars, really? It's Calgary. Time to turn it up (overtime).
Any time, we got to look out for our fellow Tweeps. LOL
you got to loove Rose;;)
back on dis
We are so excited! We hope the sun is shining! :)
I kinda like it.
Tonight -- ONCE IT'S TAKEN SHAPE by & Sapna Gandhi, starring & Sanditz
I think I saw that on FB...how is everything else going?
Oh dear god it's bacon night. You done gone and me cry Max.
Getting ready to play "mr. mom" today with the kiddos as works on schoolwork.
lol so this girl said that cody sounds like a girl..... really?......
Much needed day with my best friend to get my mind off of things. Now it's time to fix this and move forward.
Morning twitter!! Back to handling business...I just love Mondays....Don't you??
Create space, time and investment in YOU. Wanting to be a great singer/artist doesn't happen without the COMMITMENT to BECOME.
We need to catch up soon. I have an awesome creative writing class I'm taking this semester that I want to tell you about!
Can't put into words the epicness of what I just saw. just became a LEGEND. THAT is what makes me LOVE being a fan.
Blinds up to 100-200. No antes yet
I'm not there tomorrow. doing tourist things w/ the bf, but was planning on posting in the morning. you can post if it's easier?
getting ready for our new south florida alert update today! www.southfloridaalerts.com
Lavin: "Hey, did you guys come together? If not, do you want to?" Haha!!
Time for treat and to catch up on from last night
I hate when you see a really cute kid then your mom ruins it by saying "thats your cousin" #FML now i have to go die :|
No, thank you! Tell your friends about us!
Santiago, "Flow is like Snake, right? We just take old ideas and remix them."
Getting acquainted with #jenkinsci for the first time. It is a very cool #tool used in a course of mine to track a fast #coding competition.
Also, if anyone is having issues activating, let me know.
Ugh cartoon network, Nickelodeon, the Disney channel, and Harry Potter Wii for another 10hrs...
I miss Cabella.
uh so true
I just got a very spammy-looking DM from you ... your account may be compromised
My mom wants me to drive half way home smh I don't have time
RT That's about the only positive thing! But she seems to be doing some good charity work.
Not funny. No subject is out of bounds for you.
I love Cameron Diaz she is so funny on I so want to see
What if we can't go
Annoying yelping dog needs to shut up across the street!!
Apparently we were in the newspaper on thurs. Woot!
Has reached a breaking point.
Yep... This is what I do... Dream team... Stuart thunder pineapple express Scaramucci... And guy Travis Jamarcus Oakland hookah reeks... ...
nothing just chillin' wazzap with you? :D
Let out all the frustrations...
Think the worker wasn't ready for the prayers out in the parking lot. missed fox chat though.
good night! thanks for coming and being the badass that you are
Today I saw a 7th grader that had more makeup on than some people that go to high school. That's just wrong
AdamNovasry nope but I knew it was wrong :)
About to go watch Les Miserables!! Soo excited!!!!
I do know that, and I might need u to send me your address. (Wink, Wink)
Pura Vida - nice article! It's a beautiful country - it just has become a bit too commercial over the years for my taste
I swear it smells like burgers in here...dang you Stack'd and your delicious grilled hamburgers wafting into the HVAC!
love this rain lol
the weather is really helping my mood right now!
Josh Chapman and Josh Norman. Eric Page in 5th.
A 6am spin class on Thursdays is really only for the
well here's around 2 AM and I can't sleep. ;/ how's the new year eve last night? ;D
like, I guess she didn't know who she was messing with...smfh...that girl deserves to have her ass kicked...
Yeah that thing is nothing but a toy, I was ready to order 5.
Headache from hell:/
Only if I'm dumb enough to carry it with my fingers in the ... convenient... finger-sized ... ... shut up. :P
WE ARE NOT DATING 8 FLAVAHZ,
I feel sick
#blazers suck! Pathetic excuse for an NBA team.
I'm shopping for summer reading ideas. #bookaday is looming over me, and I have about 20 books ready and waiting. Suggestions?
Beautiful vibe cooked wave with the fam
Definitely not an ignorant tweet, no offense taken here, and I have the same questions as you.
Yes! That will now be my goal! Let the awards roll in.
I am still trying to figure out WTF?? So weird that u got cut off!!
OMB my pic is going to be on the poster for BELIEVE AAHHHH EXCITED
I got 2 homes not at the one u thinking about. Broken home Nah. Home I sleep for a hr yes.
hey Be like that
Cant wait to be a godmom.!
My pleasure! :)
Much as I love the work of noted literary historian Alan Dershowitz.
Had a great time at the Loyola Univ networking event today.
blink 182 makes for great road trip tunes.
Everything you see isn't always what it appears to be
The gods have smiled upon the Panda, Cude, Gold and eur/ypy behaved as per the trading plan.
So I drove by RHS today and thought of you... Actually, felt bad for you
In orlando. Forgot mac charger, waiting for the mall to open so I can get one from the mac store
....sounds about right.
#TOP25CartoonSeriesOfAllTime Real Monsters :-) :-) :-)
Desmond from #Lost (Henry Ian Cusick) is going to be on Fringe tonight! 9pm on Fox
Back in the gym for the first time in two years.....
katie actually made sense for once......
Just saw my cousins today at best buy, walking around in my old hood.
Attend this free webinar to learn how to show the value of social media to your boss and how to implement it for your business
just planned a bunch of great events! can't wait to drink beer with ya'll.
You should have prefaced your question with "When you were Speaker you aggressively went after Pres. Clinton (Lewinsky issue)"
Apparently you're supposed to only cut brownies with a plastic or nonstick knife or they crumble. D'oh!
thanks so much for the follow! If you are ever in the market for a new mattress you now have a Mattrezzz Guy!
Third Suggestion, Check your schedules with each other and surprise your love with a trip to his/her favorite restaurant during the week.
That's why you don't see me energetically posting any pictures of piles of signs in my office...
never!!!! Not from you
You're welcome! Happy to follow!
well thanks I feel better then;) I thought I was gonna have to kill him!
Please remember to check your email to confirm your subscription
I'd complain about Austin always going to NYC but he obviously cant come to Ireland so no point hating on people who cant help being from NY
My heart & thoughts go out 2 the victims of 9/11 & their families. I ask that everybody plz observe a moment of silence. Thanks 2 our troops
Russian rockets and space capsules will ferry astronauts
And what you think is cool is just the norm...
MUSIC SHOULD COME FROM U&DA HEART NOT A GHOSTWRITER
"Being Southern is a state of mind...and having home and family at the center of your world." - Sissy Spacek in
Going back home
Great Lakes BA Blackout - rather smooth but not a ton of oaky/vanilla that I get from similar BA offerings...still nice, though.
i'm beginning to dislike IU fans more than Michigan fans.
#Tebowfor2 It's Moneyball. Greenie is right. You might lose games, but you'll win more. Statistics!
What does it mean when one in seven people think the end of the world is coming? - CNN (blog)
you look FANTASTIC! athe best ive seen you in 4 years! you look skinny, but not to skinny! Good for you Jill!
Wow great job ruining Mother's Day for her
You are so right!
b m.i.a sposed to b wrkn on dus music shit we need to get on our grind
She's domestic now. Domestically partnered, that is.
Hey!! Sorry about yesterday! lol but How is your day going so far?! :)
I love the #color #palette of
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: During a divorce, think long term. If you leave the home, it might be hard to win it back in court later.
He wants 6-8 pages? Bitch, you got 9!
Big thanks to our guests: Clearly From Negligence, Cruelty Free, MoChester, & Tommy Gravino & Shelia Tremble!
Looking for people who switched from #management #consulting to another industry to serve as mentors for ..Contact me!
"The fingers are the eyes of the body" Uh no that's boobs... :P
They out there play& like champs ! LETGO
Unpunctual people are the most annoying people.
This is to funny!! XD
Which idea?
Real copyeditor note on a short piece about to be pubbed: "Is you saying there were similarities and differences across time?"
Have fun!!!
So Cody when are you going to teach me how to surf? :)
You bet. Especially a slim and elegant PS2.
Its all here in the kitchen, come help yourself! #OhWait :P
i'm seriously laughing like i've never laughed before in my life HAHAHAHAH!
RT : Very cool camera demo combining face recognition, best pic burst mode, and terrific selection UI
Batman is a douche
thank you for the great job covering the #sabres. I really enjoyed following your tweets.
Everyone Saying That Lol!! But Thanks Hun!! Can You RT It So Other Fans Can See It
Brain Floss: One in every 2,000 babies is born with a tooth. February is National Children's Dental Health Month. Schedule at 757-486-4880.
Is it then the audience's job to make relevant connections between #newplay and current events?
I dig. Looking forward to seeing you in the summer!
I'm starting to learn some programming myself right now. Could you use a second set of eyes to help figure it out?
YES 5EVER ITS LONGER THAN 4EVER
This is a night when I want to paint the world blue...
E-Man blog thou lmao!!! So true
Love doesn't find you, You need to struggle through tough obstacles to try to find love at first sight <3
So I'm starting this cleanse. And I realize how much time I spend planning/preparing/thinking about eating.
- hey, thanks for the RT. missed you in austin :)
Check us out on the news tonight! Supporter leads the charge at 10 on Kong, 11 on
good my friend Laura wants to know how old r u??😖
Yes, please. RT : More 30 for 30? Yes please...
Has it got religious tones?
Is bitchez really beef'n on twitter I thought they stopped that on facebook
do you wear special underwear ?
Yay!!! Can't wait to get it :D
Lady gaga tonight...
Fellas...Gurls wit Long Hair or Short?????
It's safe to say the Rez there don't dig Madaffer very much, or Emerald, or any SD politician for that matter.
Miss you too! Hope all is well!
Does anyone remember how "Family Matters" ended?
#PubTrans Crowdsourcing and Realtime data are the two major focuses of the panel thus far.
thanks means a lot :)
Ready money is ready medicine.
ladies sushi and wine nights are part of a healthy diet haha ;)
Busy day today..let's get it!!
picture please
yes you can. There have been legal cases like that.
haha whatever! Travis is what? 27? Travis is old! Hahaha *cough* *cough* hahaha love y'all c:
when are you coming back to Chicago!!!!
Have any of you seen Underworld? Is it good?
Psst! We're teaming up w/ to present a Birdseed Printmaking Workshop w/ at on April 22 and...
Hey check out my twitter pic
don't act stupid cause im rollin wit them people who make people who make people disappear
p.s. what's your plan? sticking around in DC next year?
Rev. MacGregor, thanks for following!
If I get one more email from "We Are Wisconsin"....
“: yoooo follow my boys and they are making some HITS this week babbyyyyy” #RebelRockFamily!!!
Pity, love and power: everything a sinner needs in a savior.
This is a really cool idea!
people could use that as a drinking game. every time you see that lyric on tumblr take a shot. bitches would get DRUNK. ;)
hey its i reached my max tweets haha my fav HU song is levitate <3
Montverde will not be fun to play next year with those 2. Fun to watch but not so fun to play against lol.
I'm finna take a fat pm and go to bed..fuck it
Huh? Why?
And its showing right now...
That's how we like it! RT : Your kale pie has been on my mind all week so bad it hurts.
they always look good.
I really hope the "Caucasian girls posting pics with faux mustaches" phase stops soon. Seriously.
Hilton Union Square San Francisco, Renovations from now till March 31st, 2012
Hi Pre, We might have access to this but a few questions, r u talking about career or season debuts and ... con't ...
Everyone! This Friday. Andrew Gabriel with the full band. Village Lantern, NYC. 8pm. Be there.
They do have a great beer list, but they've got good wines & someone knows the bartender experimenting w/ infused gins.
Did you watch Devil Inside?!
any " hint " as to what the challenge is...?
I need to vacation there, that's for sure!
Hop on a plane and let's go!!
Welcome back :) Did you miss us? We missed youu <33
“: Did you know that the human body cannot make #omega-3 fats on its own? We must get them through food or #supplements.”
Really great coffee. Has just the right balance for me.
and my brother driving like somebody damn grandfather we ain't going never get home!
no doubt baby!
I feel ghetto today
Lately I been goin through life
#Ciroc ... with the babe tonight!
yeah - been meaning to sign up for months and finally bit the bullet.
Go Giants!!! Super Bowl Champs!!!!
your lips taste like heaven, so why should i stop?
Giving myself a mani/pedi while designing new workshop curriculum. Doing something else helps to inspire my creativity by clearing my mind.
Our donation jug had two dollars in it! I know where one came from (thank you, my dear friend!), but who dropped the second??
Band practice tonight. YAY!
Hello Amy: Great to talk to you here. Robert
Chiodos > D.R.U.G.S
oMG every1 zayn lykes a foOD LET'S ALL EAT THAT FOOD kaykay
lmfao you dumb! It probably would have been even more awkward lmao
That lawsuit against the Bellaire officers was dismissed 8/... That appeal should be right around the corner I hope...
Promoting Independent Artists right! Independent Video Channel - IVCTV.NET - for the hottest videos. Record Labels and Artists check us out!
NFLPA 'punishment w/o evidence is unfair'. a signed declaration is evidence, isn't it? lol
Huh - #coxcable really does call their tech support "tier 1" and "tier 2" - is there a "tier 3" or higher as well?
thank you for raising such an amazing boy ^.^
thtd b cool if u lived by us! Then ud get to participate in our shananagans(:
Break out the soup cans and string! This week's telephone themed Sound Design, and more, up now on #productionvault!
what up.....Connie! Jess, Kenny and I say hello!
I'm on a cruise in Mexico and California promoting my book; and having lots of fun(:
What are your dance suggestions? Tango, salsa...that's about all she's got...maybe an Elaine rendition?
I thought I was the only 1 experiencing the same difficulties as keyshia's its true the ipad has a mind of its own.
oic That's nice. It'll be fun and busy for u I'm sure.
too late- I already signed up! It's ok, I won't run alone, will be playing on the iPod
Enjoyed being on the #sxibm panel with you this morning, Sancia. Have fun at the rest of #sxswi! :)
LA joints goin up soon. It's lookin like
thank you very much that means a lot to us! keep in touch!
and why the hell now - everyone against Phillip rivers looking to get a fantasy playoff spot
Those are BTR DOLLS !!!!!
what instructions are you having trouble understanding?
im watching friends too!
In this business, Cream will inevitably rise to the top young artist. Think.
DNR live weekend starts tomorrow, I'm at at 6am PST. I must love you guys. Let's talk "WCF is easy now". Of course a little identity :)
Good night everyone! You guys are awesome!
With over 20 years of experience under our belts we understand what it takes to make your rental properties profitable.
I know i love #apple but i love my #lg gslate tab
I find that text reference patrons often have a clearer idea of their question than f2f patrons (in undergrad academic libs).
Love all, trust a few, do wrong to none.
didnt have private helicopter for you? RT : Louisiana traffic sucks! Just pulled into NOLA!, Final four weekend baby!!!
thank you so so much!
THE STOOGES HAVE REDEEMED THEMSELVES!
If DiabloIII lives on your machine: I can be found as ASWRosenbach#1267. The Doctor as a blood-drenched barbarian amuses me to no end...
Man, is there a better duo in the NBA than and Russell Westbrook this year?
People who say they don't need other people are usually the loneliest people, and they hate to admit it.
please send good artist with potential.growth. i need these artist comparable to this years grammy nominees.
Idiocy begins at home. Or something like this.
Getting breakfast :)
tell her that is a riot and that if they outlaw photoshop, then only outlaws will photoshop.
and sorry you couldn't sleep. I hope all is well for you. :o)))
Hey I make sense!....sort of
Supposed to be really good. Pretty sure it'll be more satisfying than say, The Devil Inside.
Kurt Cobain killed himself the same year Justin Bieber became famous. He knew....
It's Thursday.
RT : RT : RT : RT : Sometimes I hate being mean, but being nice all the time sucks ☺
- wonder how Jack Johnson is feeling right about now with #kings pretty much dominating, steam rolling way though playoffs.
oh sad!!!!! Mine almost broke twice lol
#RihannaandChrisBrown i LUV the remix of "Birthday Cake" tht is my song cnt wait for the next song they doing together
with 42% of seniors in CA under Elder Index. Dental issues are #1. Hard to eat properly and stay healthy. Is there a plan?
ESPN stay shading the Bears. Yeah dog they on some straight bs. That why the Bears are gonna straight house those clowns.
New MD Football Uniforms are sick! Let's go TERPS!
Promo girls needed for hire during #SXSW for sold out trade show several days during Interactive. MSG me for details.
TAYLOR is Our Song omg, awesome trendiee! :)
wishes he could brush his teeth with beef jerky every night
good morning friends hope every one starts off their day in a good mood on this beautiful day :)
Big cheers to on completing dissertation. Good lord, that's a major piece of work!! Well done.
To achieve, you need thought. You have to know what you are doing and that's real power. -Ayn Rand
delete the ap and redownload
Love you guys! Farm on!
Yay! I miss your short-lived previous blog. I need more snark in my life.
asking myself the same thing
some things just never change..
As much as I love Jimmy Nielsen and SKC, I'm a little ticked that some t-shirt designer jacked the Rapinoe hair shirt idea.
Lol they're plying love like woe in mcdonalds
Just watch out for Lenny and Squiggy. You never know what those 2 are up to! Hope you are able to get back to your journey soon.
Marriage proposals at sporting events=NOT cool
That wraps up my #FF Follow Friday recommendations...sharing more folks to check out next week!
This is a great article!
: HR 2366, Rep. Barton's Online #Poker Act, reduces #deficit and increases liberty. Please support!
Last week for Pumpkin Milkshakes and Smoothies! Starting on #BlackFriday 11/25 we start Egg Nog and Chocolate Peppermint
SO nice meeting U last night! Can't wait for our girls nite out w
Going to bed.
what's NAPA think about A policy on public access--to journals, for example?
Check out 's "iPads in Education" site for some great iPad ideas and networking opportunities with other iPad educators!...
Get off my &#%@* thanks so much
#AustinWonNBT! We love you ! Were one big #MahomieFamily (:
m m m love your music ;)
Feels good to be able to take a breather after such a crazy semester.
It's kind of hard to take the high road when ppl try to make your job harder than what it really is.
I met last night! To bad it was just a dream :/
R.I.P. JUNIOR SEAU. U gave us your best in all that u touched. U will be missed by all, fans and players. U where a big impact in the game.
“: I'm never going bungee jumping. I came in this world because of a broken rubber, I'm not leaving because of one.” hahaha
Can't wait until friday
Dam this is the first Sunday I didn't drink
UPDATE: Earlier Accident I-5 NB in the Terwilliger curves has cleared... however still a backup to Capitol Highway..
yea but he doesn't use it that often.
Rabbi, check out The Easter Bunny is a nice Jewish girl doing good things in Vegas.
Isaiah 55 John12:15" Do not be afraid, oh daughter of Zion,see, your king is coming seated on a donkeys' colt" ,
Jerusalem has been destroyed twice,besieged 23 times,attacked 52 times, and captured and recapt.44 times.Yerushalayim means CITIES of peace.
exactly what I thought lol. If thats the case these trailer park people & hoodrats are the most politically minded ppl in the US
"the next thing I know we were on his bed going at it" ahahahahahahaha story to start my day
#FirstWordsOutOfBensMouthWhenHeWakesUp "Did I make the save?" lol love you ben, can't wait to see you!
hell yeah
Due to unregulated increases in volume, idiots will no longer be tolerated.
Wait… do you mean SQL (the platform-agnostic language) or Microsoft SQL Server (a software product)? Those are 2 diff. things.
I really don't care. - Bloop!
Josh is the best! Food just keeps appearing in front of me.
Notre Dame Tax Assistance is being at held at the Main Library on March 3, 24, and 31 at 1pm for those with incomes of $40,000 and under.
A sound mind in a sound body is a short but full description of a happy state in this world. ~ John Locke
25 minute caffeine nap! Go!
Cut loose #footloose #MovieNightForOne yes please :)
NATIONAL CHAMPIONS! I LOVE MY WILDCATS! 💙
Less or more pressure on Andrew luck now?
I suck at wrapping but will not concede my present to the gift-bag.
I for one am thrilled that Manhattan is less riddled with karaoke bars than SMASH would have you believe.
#Donohue, Angels of Destruction. Is there any hole in the world like a lost child? Sorrow, yearning, faith. Well worth the book club reread.
A man, a plan, a canal, panama. Read it backwords
I have so much to be thankful for: , a job I love, family I love, I'm making a difference everyday and I'm healthy
My God Daughter got a modeling Agent .&they rdy move to the west coast like me ..LA i will b movin there in 2 years
The devil is a master of disguise.
Deleted 5500 words of my current manuscript days ago and today deleted another 2000! An obvious struggle going on between me & words!
RT don't be a fool by letting pride get in the way of someone that's good for you.
Someone just turned the lights out while I was in the vault & up a rickety ladder. Am now very thankful for my phone & its flashlight app.
when do you leave town?
they got some coming out, damn reebok really trying to make a comeback huh
A split sheet in the music industry only reveals the split of the ownership in a particular song
so glad he likes it! :)
#jealous cos i talk to aliens and
I need a grub in my life
JVSV State of the Valley conference keynote by Hon. Richard Daley. OK speaker, great arm twister.
it's time! Work hard! “: Can't wait to see Suggs and Wilcox on the floor at the same time. #shooters”
Hello World from Chicago's fuzziest, loudest, noiseiest ambient band.
Cain only one with a REAL PLAN and one that ends the IRS and thus the mechanism designed to enforce ObamaCare. Perfect. 2 birds w/ 1 stone
Appears to me that you're doing the work of angels! I'm proud to have you as a follower.
GREAT CHOICE with Dia!!!
based on past drafts its not uncommon for our team to be fooled by smoke screens and false claims.
i want some hot chocolate
U forgot to tag me bby<3 but i know that tweet was for me but to bad hes dating parker.that kid is giejcsh <3&your welcome love.
hmm, i might title the right side "things that belong on an intranet because external visitors look for different things" : )
Def worth a watch through IMO. Wouldn't mind seeing it again myself... :-)
New favorite show: Full Metal Jousting
Sir. SIR! It's a little early to be so drunk you're falling down. Hey Barista can I get one of what he's having?
Yesterday I found out that there has never been a desktop computer in the oval office. Very disturbing. How do you do work w/out a computer?
Did u know that if u listen to n****s in Paris really closely near the beginning they say "we killed 2 pac" in the background
Thanks for the follow, fellow badger! I wanna learn some sports trivia from you, so I can impress my friends :)
Soup... Vertigo... Is the microwave only accessible by ladder?
Anthony Ive been emailing back n fourth with ya. When u send my package plz include the extra artist pass plz.
I dunno how many times in my life I've tried to get a guys attention just by setting statuses...I feel like I'm getting annoying -__-
I NEED A #PENS STREAM!!!!! HELP RT
: "You are a mist that appears for a little while and then vanishes." James 4:14 Think this through for your priorities.
so have the 100 winning skins already been sent out and delivered?
Is that doing the voiceover for an All-Star Game commercial starring Alex Gordon? I swoon for Ford.
I haven't been on iceskates in a decade. But I really want to skate the ice for the WInter Classic
follow back! lol
most. embarrassing. moment. of my life. Hahahahahahahahahaha.
#Little500 is underway. Crowd has definitely showed up now
me too they said they are gonna keep all there guests safe and gonna call police!! I'm literally crying!); hopefully there ok
YES! #winning!
We just delivered our poll workers lunches by Bio-diesel car.
His real name is Brian Bradley, but apparently he goes by "The Astronomical Kid". #he'llalwaysbebriantous
yeah. Reynolds is actually having a decent game though
Damn! Point me in that direction. RT : red velvet pancakes
Leah had another new playmate today. My friend Kris' baby Hayden. He's getting soo big.
#Business is easy business
6 months later and my feelings haven't changed at all. can't you see how much i care?
not invited
NOBODY'S talking to me. :(
illegal cab?
congratulations, Mark!
I'll vomit
Hello your boyfriend looks like a child molester.
Tim Tebow will be just fine at the end of the day!
we love you so much <3
Do you see services like Dropbox remaining standalone or becoming part of bundled service packages?
The 49ers with Tebow reminds me of Steve Young days. WOW! With Harbaugh coaching is very intriguing.
Being subtweeted about <<<<
Laying on the floor cause im too lazy to get up and it's comfortable lmao xD
Congrats to Arthur Bernardi being named HBU athlete of the week. Great to have him with us this year after 2 years at New Mexico JC.
Game of Thrones it is. I'm sure you were all eagerly awaiting my decision.
thanks for the inclusion
ah my DVR was full, is this episode going to show again soon???
Get your FUN message out there! Tweet your event!
Music is my escape from reality.
Thats good lol its hoes out here that cant even remember the first person they fucked
hey madison, can you please follow you met her at six flags:)
Good Morning!
sometimes you have 2 dig deep 2 find something beautiful.... --Mia
Are you crazy lol,what are you gonna do with Cena hit him with your skateboard,you have made him mad now too
thanks girl! You too!
Our GRANDman has came so far! Our family is almost at 100k. Were proud and love you Cenzo :)
OMG were going to have a new family member yay my aunts pregnant 
did Selena && justin break up? Thats what this girl is tellin me. & idkk. Whoever tells me gets a shoutout
Not yet? Okay fine
Merry New Year!
you're not gonna get your kind of gossip from my twitter lol.
is up for the first ever Goldschlager cleanse... Any other takers out there? ?
Head on! Apply directly to the forehead
get some horrible cough sweets? See if they help? Have fun on your dig!x
Staying at the tonight? Hop across the street for the #Indianapolis Indians Baseball Game at Victory Field at 7:05pm.
I agree with you.
Yes then BUSH2 spent the surplus & 4Trillion more, then left it for #Obama to clean up the HUGE MESS! GREAT JOB SO FAR!
16-9. Really just a perfectly played baseball game. Great pitching and good hitting. Bring on Boston!
#sljsummit transliteracy: inquiry-centered engagement with information in all its forms & creative production of knowledge & understanding.
RT : "This isn’t about giving Democrats or Republicans a win. This is about giving people who are hurting a win."
we gotta skype very soon
: Thanks for featuring us in this month's issue of Craze!
I drew your name to pick me up at the airport Monday night. Congratulations , you can drive my car.
haha yes, you should
that's a great book!
maybe Sunday if the weather works out!
I'm going to poop like I've never pooped before.
All the cool emo kids cut their buttcheeks. -.-
Hope everyone is having a great spring break!
yeah, far. but great huh? i'm going to look it up
Saturday night!
I should...I need the rest of the week to recover from grad school hell week!
Those that would be fearless, must keep themselves guiltless. (mhc)
Feeling. Like john legend ...tonights the best night I ever had
People who say "It is what it is" all the time -__-
Hoping to play at Orange Drive Miami Beach Music Festival 2012! Interested in attending?
i really need to get off my ass.And try to get passed my mental issues right now
I know the guy in your profile photo. Bill Hayes, lives on Fort Hall Rez in Idaho. He's a model for artists. Happy Trails, Angel
#RT just in case you want a cool Shoutout ;)
William Stafford
no prob. That about you today- hope all is well!!!
reached out to directly via email. Do you recall receiving an email from me?
get it girl!
Angela: Siri, call my husband. Siri: Which one? Siriously?
haha nono i'm going back to bed (;
what's over under on when he is gone? June 1st?...can't see him here later than that
thanks for adding us!
Tomorrow, the weather should be wonderful at the Lake Anne Plaza in Reston, VA. Hot Club of DC (HC/DC) will be there from 7pm to 9pm.
You go.. Make sure you don't want this anymore.. Make sure.. Because we were supposed to be scared together, fights happen in relationships.
Digital pre-orders are now open on bandcamp. Visit yellowlightmaybe.com, get them as soon as they are released, new single available too
I wish i could sing
I just read the Wiki page for Bear Grylls. I'm going to shut my mouth right now and quit whining.
ay were playin #FadedFest n were sellin wristbands $15 gives u admission to all the venues, 70 artists, n 3 free drinks
Attended NoVa Dem Biz Council this a.m. in Falls Church-now in Newport News, heading into the fantastic annual Peninsula JJ Dinner.
No! Not that jackhole again!!!
duh, the cowardly lion
#prepping for weekend #camping #getaway in the #desert and #stoked to go #offroad in the
Cool, thank you! RT “: HEARD THE NEW SINGLE AND IT IS AMAZING!!!! :D”
Cab was late, long line to get in to visitor's center, but I somehow made the group photo this morning for the conference. Yay!
Closed groups can lead to inbred ideas/answers, but I'm seeing more turn into collaborative communities.
welcome back =)
#NF (I think that's right. Gotta get up on this twit ish too...)
K, just emailed u. Thx 4 taking a min to respond. The mag is DOPE btw! Very inspiring.
thank you for watching! Love you too! Can't wait to see you in a couple weeks (:
Get Down on the Farm at Frying Pan Park
Its weird how many people I follow or follow me that I dont actually speak to
Thank you! See you today? Text me in advance, if possible!
I would support that 100 percent.
Great initiative on "know before you owe" for student loans
- ha! good to know. can i put that in my column?
Tommy Pickles for President 2028!
They must be having "technical difficulties".
Up Since 3am
My dad needs to take off his childs lock on my tv! Ihavent even seen true blood in two seasons )':
Hey, 45K words in 30 days is nothing to sneeze at!!
Now that you're on Twitter, no. And I have your digits, so you can't get lost anymore.
27 days until the best holiday of the year.
Humans are the only species that pays to live on the Earth.
Why Hire a cleaning service? Reduce allergies by having your home professionally cleaned. Call us for a quote 858-633-3924 Moon Maids...
Dems' final offer on #NJMAP, Rothman vs. Garrett in district that's 50% D and 50% R. Farmer ruling expected today.
- maybe jen and I will one day be cool enough to make it on ur list
": I love those random memories that make me smile no matter what is going on in my life right now."
im so hella bored ugh
IM SO JELLY AH
Rule #3 Never Trust Nobody! Ya moms would set that ass up properly gassed up. Hoodie and masked up for the fast bucks
Wish me luck people going job hunting
I always tell people that twitter is not for everyone. Seeing as how many friends start accounts and don't continue tells me I'm right.
Bastard referee, I want to punch him in the stomach.
Breaking News: Rays eliminated from MLB playoffs, dozens mourn.
Show appreciation to your web browser by visiting www.tournamentscoop.com Have all the fun u want!!!
If you sweet talk them enough, they should replace it for free.. just make sure you seem like you know what youre talking about
#FF awesome actresses
Thank you!
anytime babe ;)
oh ya and good morning all. what we thought was spring tricked us. it will soon be here, i hope. don't forget madeline forester party 4/10
awww thank you! Glad you had a great time! Hope we will see you again soon! XOXO
Theres no point in lying when u grown even if it's to protect someones feelings
Yeah man I hit you up lol I did Webster Hall too.
I got stuck in the elevator at work today :) It doesn't work when one of the doors isn't closed all the way.
RT : Did you receive blue card, or did pollworker give Dem ballot for red card?
Surely you can be bi-partisan and Retweet America's First Fish?
“: then who would make the truffle tots, blue lump crab cakes & honey ginger glazed salmon?” dunno but they be free
whats good twitter!!!
sounds good man. #realtalk don't need to come at me to get my attention. Theres enough jerks In the community already
okay I'll try(:
Good oral hygiene should be maintained with temporary dental crown. Soft brush should be used for tooth brushing and floss should not be...
Someone talk to me I'm bored haha.
Colors are my life
Ya, we like those people too! RT : Happy #FF! Check out the awesome staff:
Check out the Sunset Special and Chef Geoff's Happy Hour @ Chef Geoff's in DC!
Don't underestimate the Tenenbaums OST. Lots of solid tunes on there.
Who wants to see Fiona Apple With me July 28th at the Fox?
Great day at the Con...will be getting the footage up as soon as possible.
I'll b lot > symp 2 "sacrifice" talk when Pentagon, Chase, CEOs, 1% in gen start sacrificing!
Love the lil ones! RT : I had a student ask me where the children's section was in our library today. Our K-5 library.
Abq's 90.7 K-LOVE is set up at Outpost Ice Arena on Tramway for free "skate with the Lobos"! Now till 4!!
I'm gonna ask for it for my birthday
"ONLY way Stephen A. would beat me boxing is if he talked so much he finally got on my nerves, distracted me & landed one lucky shot."
lol I hope so
Woodson makes an incredible play...yawn
Name is Eric but unfortunately I'm in. New York but u still really pretty and would love to Party with u in Utah or ny lol
Shoot. Missed MOPA's presentation 4 BPOC. Awesome photography museum in Balboa Park
when was the last time you heard something relevant about Penus Kanter?
I'm watching the camps and everyone showed for the cardinals no drama a plus. Vick has something to prove so where ever he goes
the fact that my male coworker is watching Justin Bieber's documentary "Never Say Never" makes me laugh...A LOT
Check out the new Michael Franti tour! its official! Do it for the love tour USA-we will be there!!!
FOOD FACTS! Honey is the only food that will never go bad.
Ladies, place your heart in the hands of God & he will place it in the hands of a man who he believes deserves it.
Still waiting, and waiting and waiting and waiting and waiting and waiting and waiting and waiting and waiting and waiting and waiting
"NEW YEARS JAM" ayo for more info please listen to mega 104.3 fm
Brady puppet...haha!!! Where's the Gisele puppet to defend her man? Or is Gisele working the Juggs machine with the Pats wr's?
Today is the deadline for submissions for #NCA12. Please email convention AT natcom DOT org if you have any questions.
Our cd drops in 18 days!! RT if you're excited!!
*lose...silly freshman!
What are your plans for the weekend?
we're right down the street so be sure to stop by for some great food and drinks!
i love him<3
guess who liked the show?
You're a waambulance!
Ice-cream was good :)
But why did it have to be a "big duh"? Lmao.
i need your number! & i know, we need to hang out sometime. I just realized your picture has me in it!
sour diesel
will let you know if it's tasty. And I'd be honored to cook for you!! Just come to the UWS and say hi :)
Happy Maundy Thursday!
finally a PP goal!!
Policeman who shot and killed Easton's DJ Henry named "Officer of the Year". Story on 7News at 5:30.
Workin on new tunes with
The man who has done his level best... is a success, even though the world may write him down a failure. - B.C. Forbes
Glad to see doing so well post-boxing career!!
"A man’s biggest mistake is giving another man an opportunity to make his woman smile...."
Fushia lips and slicked back buns is trending at the kick- off of DCFashion week.
Im totaly 4 stoping the slaughter, but when a broke country spends its $ to do it + lives. and they got the oil. I say send them an invoice!
Cry as much as you want to, but just make sure when your finished, you never cry for the same reason
Thanks for spreading the news about #ChildrensDay this Tues!
How's Nicks?
Been a long time since I've been to a #SMCsea event! En route now with
The new #samsung #galaxys is gr8 , a #iphone killer. But just changing sim cards from old 1 2 new 1 doesn't work, have 2 go back by #AT&T
I guess your fast day is just beginning. I hope it's a good one! ~burp~ from 12 hours behind!
#NF Go Follow my Cousin , Show him that its so much more to do on twitter than holla at girls
I wish that I can run for #governor of #new jersey to get #gov Christie one term and get him to #one term he sucks for
Some people weave burlap into the fabric of our lives, and some weave gold thread. Both contribute to make the whole picture bea
"Yea, from the table of my memory / I'll wipe away all trivial fond records, / All saws of books, all forms, all pressures past"(1/2)
#2012 I need sum new down ass birds lol
Keeping it in the family
RT Great to meet you--things very busy right now but will be in touch after Thanksgiving. Yes, #jackbarrett show was excellent!
A real woman never let's her man leave the house hungry or horny ! #realtalk"
hi maggie, happy wednesday to you
#ILikeObamacare because I may not always have employer-provided health insurance. And you might not have it either.
I'd beat the hell out of them...
Exciting announcements coming regarding our venue!
I know right
Headed to #TimesSquare to welcome 2012!
That moment when you see the person you like. And your heart starts to race and you get butterflies in your stomach.
#milwaukee What motivates you to succeed?
hahah that sucks. come work for Columbia! making pappppppperrrr!!!
Careful, you could get arrested, the car get impounded and there'd be no way you'd avoid getting grounded.
Bummer. It'll be worth the wait though! Even just thinking about it now I'm still in speechless disbelief.
ha I have been trying to learn that for the longest time ever lol the song goes to fast(:
"Seem fine" It's almost as if you have to walk around with research to prove your points!
Donald Duck comics were banned in Finland because he doesn't wear pants.
I hope thats how this twitter thing works... .hahaha
I'm at the airport in MKE on my way to LGA for the Mets/Brewers game but the weather doesn't sound like it's cooperating.
And that's how its done!
I suppose I did "choose" childlessness, in that I chose not to engage in "unprotected" intercourse with men who wouldn't marry me. Stupid.
Leadership is the art of getting someone else to do something you want done because he wants to do it
Next time you are on #DaBus, look for the placards with the QR codes. I think there is a separate app for android.
Started a new twitter account. I we'll give it another shot.
sure i messaged it to you on fb.
Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak may soon announce he is stepping down.
wow! God Bless you for saying that way to go dad. hope you do have a shot gun by the door she will be hotter
“: can Christina be anymore rude to ? Textn while he was talkin to all 4 coaches!
Leaving 30 minutes late for pledge retreat.
Its has been a #crazy day...
How do I add Ow.ly Pro to my plan? Your help forum is useless & you have no link in the "vanity url" pref. section
Now that it's over, AHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAAH FUCK YOU HOUSTON HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
Thank you... how you been?
Getting married in a few hours! This is crazy! After today my life will go back to normal and I will have a wonderful wife and not just a GF
..and [women] who choose.“If you try to make that distinction, you will get nowhere when focusing on demand.” Therefore, because it is too..
Q3: Freedom to be w/o prejudice, racism & judgement ... esp. based upon race, sexuality, gender, etc.
RT : It's Friday Night $5.00 Martini Night!!!
Tonight was amazing <3
writes anthems without it sounding like they're trying to write an anthem
QUERY OF THE NIGHT: and to be new judges on #Xfactor. Will the additions make you watch?
Wednesday Thursday Friday Todd!
"Intuition is the clear conception of the whole at once." ~Johann Lavater
Wearing flip flops to class in February wouldn't be possible without global warming.
Still recovering from the weekend in the high country of Virginia but the gears are turning for a music festival in Blue Grass, VA.
Huge congratulations to my wife for getting her second degree, and completing her masters. She is officially smarter than me. Crap.
Matt's signing his life away 😲
Aw shucks. The whole one, you say!? That's my favorite!
Someday I would love to write my memoirs bout my experiences and family n prob would call it 'The Closet Christian' or 'The Last Generation'
Reasons I pass out paper for teachers; 5% to be helpful. 30% to walk around & talk to friends. 65% to see everyone elses grades.
When Girl's Put To Much Make - Up .
I was in Santa Monica, Ca today. Why do all the pedestrians carry yoga mats?
so about the twilight porn for girls "50 shades of grey" convo last night. Got an e-mail about it today?
i love noodles yumy yumy......snack of the day
I think cereal brands with raisins in them are in cahoots with the dental industry. Hard raisins = broken teeth.
OPMG back in the game.(for now)
Old San Juan is a must!
OMG I hate Rain -____-
Why is there some girls ugly ass niples on my timeline!! (/.\)
I got a new haircut and got my braces off(:(:(:
Ive got an idea for #sharktank each week have huge dunking tank with large rubber shark. The rudest host gets dunked!
#Penguins Thank you for an awesome season!
Happy Dictionary Day!
#pathetic RT : MB just called it the Valentine's Day massacre. #blazers go down at home 124-109 to the umm ... Wizards.
Loving this up tempo Caps play.
These Low 11s
wouldn't be surprised to see on shower registries..so many parents i know get them for "parenting help"
Errbody and they mama work at trane
I've been alright. Wasting a lot of time. I need a job too. Hard to find.
Why thanks! And thanks for the RT too.
A lot of midschool users on Pocket Tales love historical fiction. They start bc it's assigned, but stick w/it
I'm smiling with my friends.. xx.
Yea-looking for you tube partners meaning those who have contracts and have revenue sharing based on views.
That awkward moment when you realize you have 2 movies from Redbox you haven't taken back in 3 days.
: hey... Srry i knt use fb my dad and i are using it to watch a movie
I got some hot tracks Bruh
I found you on facebook too<3
Does right-wing bullshit count as a second language?
Glad my first Engr Dynamics Exam is over! Going to unwind by doing yoga at home with one of my yoga dvd's. Then more studying.
A factoring company does not advance funds but submits monthly based on the average due date of the invoices purchased in a particular month
sorry Jo Cee ill try harder
Lol That Sounds Like It Can Get Annoying xD
My shipment from #monsterenergy came in today! rockin my new gear
I can't watch the first Cars movie without getting choked up at the end. Curse you feeble emotions.
My buffaloes. I'm so very proud! Shoulder to shoulder. , our turn.
Charlottle weather is great..i would be freezing if if i was back home smh!
Can't wait to see you at the Spring into Summer Concert with ! It's going to be awesome!
maybe.. But it shouldn't be. & I'm really sorry again 4 the late response :/
I hate this
Donors felt international monetary donations were more susceptible to corruption and misuse
Yeah- thats the mark my body made : ( - Spent all morning in xray, lost feeling in part of my right hand - happened on water st
Open mic tonight! Hosted by Jeordie, 9pm. Open to everyone.
If winning isn't everything why do they keep score?
well I have no clue why! You're stunning!
Neither do I...Look to your right.=)
all this beignet talk is making me hungry
PR = modeling? lol yes, I've been there too. Hey, when duty calls, it calls. Things you do for clients you love.
This week marks 2 years as a consultant for WOW. Time flies when you are having fun ;)
Are you making daily cash? 2% daily Invest what u want
My resume will be a reflection of my dreams soon enough.
You can follow my personal.. ... My name is Rebecca... obviously
I can't seem to believe that I have class tomorrow. This does not bode well.
wants to talk to my boyfriend..i've barely talked to him all day. :(
Bored in queens. Not sure what to do with myself.
Looking forward to the Hawks taking a 3-1 lead on the Magic on Sunday night
Third Wave to Move Headquarters, Productivity Center
#oomf need to DM right now !
I know lol but I have a sun burn:(
The awkward moment you you realize your just like your mom :/
Uh yeah :p
nice slim to the face sucks.
I can
Another lonely night on dolphin island
Bravo Live shows that Harrahs St louis has 1/2plo and 1/2nl going right now.
True statement.
#CWFOTD On this day in 1861, Robert E. Lee formally resigned his commission in the US Army & Union forces evacuated the Gosport Navy Yard.
I'm a 15 but I'm ready to take that up 10 more notches real soon. This is waay cool. See ya soon. Gonna kick ass in 2012!
thanks for the follow!! GO YANKEES!!!
Hi there handsome! :)
kind of why we were interested in having Henwood publicly dismantle Berman's tepid Keynesian statist imperialism
Likely shock. I haven't seen you in a year!
no its not!!! I never ment to offend you!! gosh me saying tht isn't hating!! look i dnt wanna fight i nvr ment to make u mad
#IfMBWasOnPunkd should see this maybe it'll give them a clue we want them there!!!!!!
Who wants a house mix!?!
I see your already building are house ;)
Rewatched Watchmen last night. It was a bit more comprehensive, which sadly made it a bit less enjoyable.
I forgot how horrible at yoga I am. But I love it anyway!
Hey #EMAC students - be sure to check your UTD email. Important info re: summer/fall registration went out today!
Watching visits family of 5 in India living in a 1 room home the size of our bathrooms. I'll never complain again.
my cries. AND WE WILL GO, OK. NO ANDS IFS OR BUTS. I really need to finish hw omg.
No tickets required! Just mark the date and time and join us :)
delayed condolences for your family's loss. Been in a fog lately and didn't get to say it earlier.
8 minutes on hold. Ok finally!
I listened to your Mothers day service this morning. It spoke right to my heart.
Busy weekend keepin' on going first thing in the AM with a Wedding Trial!!
#EveryoneHasThat1Friend who is so freaking annoying but you have to love them...-_-
Don't say you miss me when it's your fault I'm gone ...
finally got to catch today, missed that feeling throwing runners out.
Hey :) how are you doing? How's the new place going for you? :)
Hahaha! Sounds like a plan. We may need some elaborate costumes...if we're doing a trekkie-esque convention. #wheredoIsignup?
Gym time boy
“: Looking forward to a few sxsw shows w & and Kenbone backing me.” Faces will melt.
Xmas Tweets: Mom says Lovie Smith needs a stick of dynamite you-know-where.
Thanks for explaining the legal ruling on Wisconsin. Good news for voters rights.
English movies are the best. So gory
What's a PodCastOff? Most interesting theory we've heard is a space traveler stranded on a foreign planet.
Lol I love watchin this video and watching celebrate his teams buckets. He loves his team!!!
The kid i love really had to call the police, on my dad.?!?!
Draw Something is slowly taking over my social life. :-\
Love is love's reward.
So, 64G Ipad 3 arrived. Hm, should I open it? If I do, day is pretty much shot and I have a TV Mounting bracket to put up yet...
The show was bitchin minus the shitty two openers...if i knew was goin on at 9 that's when I woulda got there
Can't believe Michael was bumped from the top five by Mason… seriously?
yeah right! great question. situation taken care of
In honor of mother's day, I think I might watch the "Motherboy" episode of Arrested Development.
So sent me a record at 6am---played a few times around noon---my girl singin it at work now..
Okay great !!
All in all, I loved tonights speech from our president. Captured the feeling of americans, just need to get Wash to do som'n bout it
Can't wait for Wednesday! :D
I don't go to parties with lame people. #thatsit. And if you know your lame don't fucking invite me, you could save yourself the rejection!
I'm a fan but then again I own a K. Kloss Clippers jersey.
My dog has some amazing ujjayi breathing going on tonight.
My students' researched/scholarly blogs are incredible!
Brewers beat the Cubs. :)
love shoulda brought you home
Absinthe is the best show in Vegas.
Its as hot as a sauna in my room!!
One of my faves is eating lunch across from me! Love
This is fucking crazy! Why would you make us watch The Lion kKing first thing in the morning.
InSpotter mobile app for African-Americans reduces the element of surprise at nightclubs
RT : Just remember, every day is a gift from God. Well except for Monday...Satan slips that one in. He's a sneaky bastard.
hahah I had to touch your lil curls today :)
Learn the art of appreciation. You might already possess what you're in search of
That promise I made you? I'm sticking to it. I'm gonna do everything I can to prove to you that this isnt a game.
I hope to see all at my book signing Sunday Sept. 5th 5-7PM at the Central Florida Film Festival + see the Demo for OnlineRehabClinic.com
One of the best ways to support independent music is attend local shows.
Life's such as music; it's got to be composed by ear, feeling, and impulse, not by rule.
Update - utility repair guy also wearing utilikilt. Sadly, no top hat.
ok lol I could care less about you or andrea at this point so keep on lying fake bitch
Doctors' office scales are like TV. They both add ten pounds.
Happy Valentine's Day Tweeters!
Cape Shok, Trash Talk. Miss u Pauly.
Thanks Margo, had a ball.
Amazing quote, I love it! RT : I genuinly believe that the first step toward entrepreneurship is hating your job. Check.
Now we have to hear about Emily's baggage. Ugh. At least her hair color is changed
Just close your eyes and enjoy the roller coaster that is Life :) x
Have y'all heard the song with mike epps 2chainz and future lmmfao
i dreamt quite sweetly though :)
Just got through my inbox!
Ben taught me a new workout routine for upper body :D Now to have the energy to do it every day.. -_-
Awww... I love it! Should really be my new mantra anyway ;)
bad bitches know wassupp, he tell me dat he love me, i tell em join da club.
oh yeah?
I've got another casting opportunity in western Mass, Twitterverse! Looking for renters ages 20-30 who've dealt with bed bugs. DM me!
Beautiful wedding day for fantastic day at Huntington Beach!
It's the least confusing one! And it has the least creepers.
I'm having a bad day :(
Not needing to set an alarm >>>
The is now open late Thursday nights (until 8p). How should we fill this time? What could "Nights at the Barrick" look like?
Hi Sheli. I am looking forward to it too.
People are in your life for a reason, some for a season. It's important to recognize when people's seasons are over. Dont carry dead weight.
This throat is on fire
(cont) Yes, #Flyers fans, by all means trade away your underpaid 30+ goal power forward...The man would be a freakin' cult hero in this city
Nobody really deserved to win this game.
#IfLilBIsARapperThen he's probably about to quit, because he seen this trend.
u can do one more saying something u rocking wit partyboy djz of san antonio or someshit but u kno swag that bitch out bro
You guys are awesome.
don't lie Ryan you miss me already
Lets cause a scene like lovers do on silver screens<33
Feds worried for a short time yesterday's train crash west of Portland was terror attack according to Grant Coffe, hazmat coordinator.
oh. thats cool!
The wait outside was a little rough but once we got in, everybody seemed to have a good time. Hope you did too!
Well said, RT: When you’ve got too many things on your plate; eat them.
I've said this before... Don't embarrass yourself by trying to insult me with bad grammar...
|#quotes Before you can really start setting financial goals, you need to determine where you stand financially.
Are we going to pick anybody in this round? This is getting to be like The Bachelor. COME ON.
I was just checking. I want to LIVE!
I feel like I need to go exercise
All is well. I'm an Eagle fan by marriage, so I'm ready for next week. I vow to write for every hour of football I watch.
Innovations and SM great benefits but run the risk of censorship across the world. Problems for fundamental freedom of expression.
The last concerts of the year are the worse cuz people think we want to hear them talk about their teachers and then start crying. No
(AP) -- Federal judge stays Barry Bonds' sentence of house arrest, pending appeal
Just found your website. Love it!
You've been running trew my mind all day
. is defending, woo woo!
“: You can't make the same mistake twice, the second time, it's not a mistake, it's a choice.”
How old is she? (I was 4, though I saw it in the theater and mostly remember being cold :) )
you're adorable.
HEY THE SAINT LOUIS RAMS ARE GETTING. MIKE WALLACE
I am so fucking irritated right now. I need to just go home and take a nap.
u must be watching the oscars.
Recording with the one and only Alchemist
Some lady called the library yesterday & then proceeded to chomp food the entire time I was on the phone w/her! Augh! Hate!
Sounds like a damn fine day off to us too!
Forget shopping for bread, milk and toilet paper. Think spring, and brighten up! Come see our new spring merchandises.
i'm goin MAD over this #snacksecret show that's happening on Oct.23rd!!! I wonder who it will be? only knows, so follow em!
“: Haha all these people using cray now!” I can't stand that word!
So...3 episodes of "The Big Bang Theory" tonight (1 in syndication)? Woo-hoo!!
#5000Th Tweet goes out to all of you who fuck bitches and gets money #ISeeYou #Swag Stop hatting on my twitter game
; it just hasn't been your week, has it. D:
Also, the plot of the Israeli movie "The Band's Visit" hinges entirely on the lack of a "P" sound in Arabic.
see you sexy individuals at Citrine tonight w/ open bar 10-12 and special live performance. arthur's name at the door.
if u could relive 1 thing that has happened 2 u thru out the yrs what would u choose & why?? LUV YA :))))
im taking Rashad by knockout
On the road to Rome, Ga!! Go Jesus!
If we're in each other's dreams, we can play together all night
Any followers let us know if you'd like to collaborate on anything.
oh.. season finales this week :3
I would include those, yes.
It's so weird how all of us live in the same state .. ! :D
i'm on the phone with and we can't keep up!!! My head is spinning!!
'no vuvuzelas before i have my coffee.'
We do have an RFID system...just no wand.
That's a great deal!
Request Children's Book Week poster & activity guide. Art by David Wiesner. #CBW is May 7 - 13.
Pick 4 shows. If all get picked up they get A's. 3 = B's. 2 = C's. 1 = D's and none = F. Students better start praying to NBCGod
This world is a crazy place, and I'm happy to be a part of it.
I still haven't seen it! :(
Paid for it... can't let this happen again /:
So this dude I thought was Vin Diesel is actually Pitbull?
welcome!! and please, check me out on soundcloud if your into #melodicdubstep and #drumandbass!!
Seattle #protip: don't be THAT guy/girl who drives thru Pike Market.
Love that one too! Currently loaned out-I miss it!
Thanks Gary!
Watching The Spongebob Movie and eating some candy :D!
See, that's what I'm saying, if not Bron who? Really. ?
Family dinner at Cheesecake :)
Passed a fat guy running today then when I passed him again he was laying on the ground.
Lunch time has arrived! And you're lucky, today is our #TuesdaySpecial! 1 Large 1-topping carryout pizza for ONLY $4.99! Promo code - TUE499
Im not that cool I guess haha
I am hearing in committee from those who will be directly impacted. And these are people who are working, but still need a helping hand.
Breakfast cereal still doesn't have a zip-lock top. Great job humans.
"I look GOOD with a playoff beard" -
watching 's last concert ever. kinda sad, but there's exciting things ahead as well.
Hey Phil - you're looking a little orangish. Just think of it as a mini-blog.
I think having Josh McDaniels back with the #Patriots will be good for offense and Brady. If Brandon Lloyd comes too, could be good!
I would like go to my city....
Is there something more to life? Is there someone out there who knows how to explain it? I really want you to be there at my side loving me
My mom, telling stories about her college days: "I get confused between my two Master's."
its ok. I'm good.
Truth is, I have too much going for me to repeat the same old tired cycle. Gets me nowhere. The moral of this story is, change is good.
You should totes subscribe to because hes amazing :D
Went to a Tennessee Smokies dbl header yesterday. Minor league b-ball at the foot of the Smoky Mountains. Good stuff.
no lol, today we had a substitute who i really don't like since she was the substitute for ms.raubolt the whole 3rd queater
Jahlie??? I called you about your melt down. I love you.
“: The death of America is signified by all the people who can't talk having talk shows.”
She think I'm the realest out and I say damn that makes 2 of us!
Ran updates & now the link shortener doesn't work :(
Yes they are.
Thinking....thinking....
FollowKevinJonas now people! Go go go!!! xD
that was just poop
With Dolphins taking Tannehill, they automatically pay him more than they offered Matt Flynn.
Out Philly w/ 2 female pro hip hop dancers..so I am spending tonight watchin from the sidelines..not that I dont like makin a fool of myself
Thanks! Will be in your town Memorial Day weekend.
i'm so upset at how you seem to being downplayed with losses and srewjobs on u are the reason i watch
What would Valentine's Day be without sex?
Learn to make old-fashioned hard candy in our farmouse kitchen - Sat and Sun 12:30 - 3:30.
no, riding solo for that one
Everyone's Invited 2 Come Celebrate , & Birthday Cookout Today Down The Briccs!!!!
Hey, i completely understand!
Feeding my cats their nightly snack - Life’s Abundance Wellness Food Supplement for Cats- holistic, nutritious, yummy!
nice blog, that's actually a really good, concise way to lay out a live session. Hope to see more and some run hot
this is why I love you.
being noticed by is almost impossible, i want that he know how much i support him but he never see my tweets =( .
hey! Im taking credit for naming that one, along with the guys at kill shakespeare!
its okay beautiful !
WE WILL BE HOSTING A PARTY WITH SWEET LUX AT OUR FIRST EYE CANDY FASHION EVENT TONIGHT!
How important of a political issue is medical cannabis? How do you feel about legalization?
what do you mean how? This is twitter not texting lmao
That's your obvious winner! Might as well stop the trip right there. :)
Fine writing John. And very touching.
finally caved and bought into the office lotto pool.
RapTV has a 26 year history of doing good business on the global market and our basic membership fee is still just $1.00 per year.
Slow to wake up today. Gray crawled into bed with me to "cwuddle" this morning.
Q: Why not define a new word? A: u'r answer is "Because it won't illicit the same connotation as the word 'slavery.' "poor logic
RT : I hear and I forget. I see and I remember. I do and I understand. Confucius-RT
It's absolutely shocking how horrible the customer support is at Atlantic Broadband. I could write a book on the crap they've put me through
Round and Round she go
about this hiatus, we need to talk! You know you're my shot of morning Twitter espresso :)
I hope ridestthe bus today... I DONT WANNA BE ALONE!!!!!!!!!!!
But what do the VOTERS like?
how long are the episodes
#Apple even makes delivery fun. China to HK to Anchorage to Tennessee to Newark to home. GEEK-UPS tracking.
Preview #2...it's going to be a fun show!
...DONE..now follow back
Have none of you seen a Heat game this season? That's how all their games start.
Excellent idea! Resilience training would be great for sts too, but hard to do unless tchrs are resilient
Sounds great.
The sound of rain is soothing
LOL. Hopefully not that bad... but lineup is a let-down. RT : River's Edge is the Brick of summer festivals
pretty good hockey game despite my hatred for both sides
Follow us on the twitterverse! Can't wait to hear from you!
Finally saw the new Land Rover. It seems super impractical. I wanted one immediately.
forget & forgive. love & laugh. smile & live. for life is short and we r never promised tomorrow. :)
Bout to hit 2012 in the face... Aint gonna know what hit em
Me too and how are you? :D
Wtf netflix. Why you no work?
Anyone going to #UAWOW LA tomorrow?
move it. Or plan a second grad party
I know you get more than a thousand tweets in less than a second you can read all want .. as mine was one of those#loveyou♥
Well, hello there, music man.
Anyone else shocked the refs didn't kick us in the nuts with a charge call there?
nicki minaj looks like she belongs on my face.
High expectations for tonight, but then I realise we live in Widnes and it will probably rain..
Show some support to your towns locals and tag us in a #musicmonday with all your favorites! We'll send out free DDE bracelets to all who do
The challenge for speculators wanting to buy vacant townhouses is that conventional lenders won’t finance
like your gonna sew one?
when I seen it it wasnt!
so criptic and meaningful Kerry
Choose what the item is from the dropdown list, pick a color and brand, and you're done! You can always edit it if you mess up :)
The Crumbling of America is on the history channel - WOW WE need to turn our attention homeward in a big way
Out chckn on my street team ProRunners, I tried to catch dem slipn lol but they on dey A-GaMe! It's E.V.A. Pro.! July 16th @ mandees b dehr!
RT : If God Answers ur Prayer, He's increasing ur Faith. If He Delays, He's increasing ur Patience. If that's a great one yo...
Madness is back and on tour. Ska revival! Anyone remember the Ska Festival at the Greek Theater in Berkeley in 1990?
Soon! RT : when/where is John performing next? The streets is talkin and I think I need it in my life??
We LOVE #WineWednesday! Not only do we have $10 off any bottle of wine, but we also have flamenco guitar from 6:30-9:00PM
curious what you run into, I play in a few different communities online.
yo man follow back
Notice Liars have 2 or 3 stories like a big house!!!!
What a nice message to retweet. Thanks.
Time to book the hotel room for San Diego Asian Film Festival
: whats the excuse u want to play out?||THERES A BRIGHTER DAY 2MORROW *insert Knick fan silence*
In reality the world is not separate from us, but part of the continuum of consciousness.
Cognition & emotion go hand in hand.
1: You hurt my feelings. 2: Your feelings shouldn't be hurt.
also same position that John McCain held in 2008. I don't remember media being giddy about it then.
Bo on this snow!
Completed Timeless, moving on to sci-fi anthology Armored.
First day at the new job!!
DYK? Ruby Dee-Legendary award-winning actress is a member of DST ..
Now quick headbutt.
Think the supporting cast in Indy is so new and so bad ... hard for me to say Colts will win more than 6 games.
Follow back me,Is Awsome related to Gossip Girl
:-) You can't ignore what's right in front of you#=$+!
Now I'm of consenting age to be forgetting you in a cabaret. Somewhere downtown where a burlesque queen may even ask my name.
Wish I'd asked more ?? when grandparents were alive..they had fled to escape the Muslims..they were Christian..I still love the Scots
#UShouldnt Say Things To Down Other People. Like You Fat You Know What....Lol
I appreciate your support so much! I'm really thinking about starting one now!
Realize that there`s a difference between falling in love with someone and falling in love with the idea of being with them.
"Studio One! Studio Two. Studio One! Studio Two. Studio One! Studio Two. Oh Yeah."
I put the plese back in sleep. I also put the e-tard back in retard..
One more day left in our 21-day challenge. How are our yogis doing? How do you plan to celebrate your hard work & perseverance?
absolutely! let's do it...when and where?
will be flashing some goods to Beer-Con attendants at Tap Haven. Register now!
Thank u 4 following me if u r a mom Happy Mothers Day 2 u
See me in the hood the Gangsters sayin wassup ? Ayyyy ...
i b up there everyday p
The wii is a great way 2 excersise =)
Morning folks...
where the hell is that?!?
Nice day to cozy up with coffee and cake...looking forward to this mornings tastings...
with you on that. *rolls over*
Ain't gonna lie. Those #Dyson vacuum cleaners look pretty damn cool! Tired of buying shitty vacuums that seem to stop working after a year.
When the bass is so heavy you can't even see out of your sideview mirrors
guys be nice
It's a great day when you can wake up to a laugh... intentional or not.
yes the land 216!!
your fine I ended up getting shit faced
I would love 2 go 2 breakfast like right now:-)
i could be doing something productive but instead i'm just sitting around listening to rick ross & eating popcorn
Such a great first day of summer! Perfect for iced teas in the garden or on the patio :)
RT : #rockies are back
thanks for sharing Bret
Humane Society: Extreme cruelty exposed at Pennsylvania egg factory
What do you expect out of Dennis Dixon today? Do you see him coming out and showing he can play or will he completely flop?
27 world series wins doesn't suck
Warning: the following twitter account performs stunts either by professionals or under the supervision of professionals. So don't try it.
I Love My Baby Mother, I'll Neva Let Ha Go !
11 days until Evocateur: The Morton Downey Jr. Movie premieres at Tribeca. Mort! Mort! Mort! Mort!
We like to play make believe in cardboard boxes!
If only we could hurl those politicians into low Earth orbit!
I stood up and they ran for their lives. My size is a huge deterant to stupid people.
Shaving buddies for life ;D
Do you like Ed Sheeran as much as Dustin?! :)
great seeing you Michael! Stop by the office again some time.
Gonna go back in time!
Dude got put to sleep
Companies who made their mark on design usually did so because one designer had an unusually strong relationship with the company’s founder.
actually it's more like I do that to you. hrmm :-\
So tired of hearing about the phantom 'black friends' of Zimmerman. When can we see them?
“: #NowPlayin Light Pollution by the awesome <3” yes!!!!!
« Text back quick and i'll love you #simple»
#Lakers’ Hill charged in alleged choking incident
Fell asleep in Art History again!
some new music would be about the only thing that could make this day better!
place u need to come to ny now
Not yet. I'm thinking of doing Almost Easy either today or tomorrow.
I'd rather send a letter than a fax any day!
#YoMommaSoFat when she went to the movies she sat next to everyone.
**a man will subconsciously position his belly toward the woman in the room he is most attracted to- even if he's speaking to someone else.
I haven't even been awake that long and today already kinda sucks.
#kittenmittens is on THANK YOU LORD
So annoyed with selfish people who think they can act however they want not thinking it effects their friendship.
A government that is big enough to give you all you want is big enough to take it all away.
Ask don't assume!
Good afternoon everyone! Hope you are having a wonderful Saturday so far!
that's cool what you got?
Don't worry Andre Miller I got dunked on by Marvin Williams once too
What do I need to know before buying a new cover for my hot tub? Mine barely made it through the winter. Anything new? 32912
The twitter account is like the boy who cried wolf (on student loan debt, phone jammers, etc.). If the boy cried wolf 50 times a day
#Attention follow launch coming soon...
thx I hate veggies but I will try your recipes
she has me in love haha. She's gorgeous.
hey Debby!!!!!! If I ever meet you in person again, would you like it if I did some magic?? <3 please tweet back!! :)
Back on a strict diet starting today.. Just had my last soda, i feel so nasty i need to hit the gym asap
Will shit my pants if I get to see Yellowcard front row again.
Learned some great lighting tips today in Pikesville
Hey Tabata, way to not have a game today you dick!
can we talk about how freekin cute you look in your profile pic? :D BIG KISS
go hard brotha go HARD
We might move to Seattle earlier than planned if my mom does the internship down there....~
you mean when i took this pic .. right ?
Clearly I DO need more coffee.
sure thing! Ever been down to Atlanta? Gone into LGA and JFK before, imagine Newark has got to be a little less crazy haha!
Quantum Leap is now steaming on Netflix... Ha Ya!!! \m/
Hurry up telephone!
Hanging in there. How are you?
Are you thinking about running the LFM?
hello neighbor!
I'll pass I've never been a cinnamon roll person aha
Get to the point!
Amazing show tonight at ! If you havnt heard Impossible Bird's new CD, do yourself a favor and pick it up! Great guys, great music!!
ya buddy! You have great things to look forward to.. congrats on your billboard breakthrough award!
What a great show last night at The Blank Club! SUPER packed and great Energy! Thanks Everyone!
Cute. Reading is good no matter where it happens. I remember hiding a flashlight under my pillow to read late at night as a kid.
2 mores hours of work then I'm free...got the car this week
Thanks, Jason.
He was eaten by Dany's dragons from Game of Thrones.
aww man that sucks. No bro the phone i have is messing up a lot right now. :/
Ha. She's still hanging out. Due date on Thursday. :)
can i get a shout out?
RHONJ is so funny omg
The people next door are having the loudest party ever and our invite apparently got lost in the mail.
Who thinks Artest's suspension would be longer if words "violence" or "war" were in his new name instead of "peace"?
SB 1290 (Alquist) passed out of Education committee with bipartison support, has no position on this bill in current form.
Those tweets sent in the wrong order. I hate you, T-Mobile. But yeah, I can't look at my whorish mother right now.
Rain or Shine! See you all there.
Relationships do not need promises, terms, and conditions. It just needs two wonderful people..
Seeing Eye dogs have such a purposeful look in their eye. I wonder how they know how important they are to the life/death of their person.
RT If you are even vaguely engaged in your profession, you probably have no problem with CPEs. < people have problems? How?!
"Learning comes through concentrated study; mastery comes from tedious repitition."
Wow! Thanks for the link! That is now bookmarked for in-depth viewing! Ah my old TRS-80!!!! Can you say diskette! ;-)
The Jalapeno and Ham biscuit was simply amazing!
yes. very very yum. red leaf lettuce. thinking about you today. Looking forward to Immersion. Plans all set.
Jessica Sanchez just did the best cover of Whitney's "I Will Always Love You" EVER on American Idol !!! One of the best singers ever on AI.
So Honduras, Mexico thru to Olympics from CONCACAF. Worth noting: Their managers have 10+ years of pro experience. One coached a World Cup.
nope ;p
On twitter on the iPad it's so cool lollx
Jarmusz has been so key the last few minutes!
R.I.P (Rock In Peace) Jim MARSHALL...
damn...well it's part of the game they got depth #BUCSNATION still taking the south
feeeelinnnn goo if you get what I'm sayin
Character is the result of two things: mental attitude and the way we spend our time.
anytime! Enjoy.
At uindy aka on the futon I missed it!!
At #convergeus tonight in DC!
On my way to a winery in Malibu. Who says engineering doesn't get some high class perks?
If the writing is honest it cannot be separated from the man who wrote it. — Tennessee Williams
Jeff, thanks for following. Now, I'm following you. :)
: Need as many bodies at for tonight at 1115pm. Come on. We close out the night
Walking with Dinosaurs is tonight at The Gwinett Arena!! I got tickets!! My Nana is even coming, woot!
Thanks for the follows and and for making #SanDiego delicious and stylish!
I think scaling is hard in either case.
hunter hunting a wild boar !
Just got off phone w/ who has no idea what the techs are doing. Will call me back however, it's turned me off.
Shaq is a Prince Hall Freemason. Get down or bow down!
Has anyone put their handle on a headstone yet? That will be the
A birthday sign,cupcake,andd a card for my boiiifrannn I'm so sweet;)
man im pissed
haters make me nauseous but the money makes me anxious
Word of the day: Traditional
Just finished at #Mintwood Restaurant and have to say: INCREDIBLE food tonight. So excited to have neighbors like this! Check them out STAT.
#Text MEATBALLS to 90210 & join Haulin Balls Food Truck VIP Baller Club for #event locations & #special #deals in #LasVegas!
Its a lok night!
I'm bored wit fb
u Are strong cousin keep your head up good things come to those who wait be patient love u!!!
I`ve always wanted to mattress surf down a long flight of stairs...
ok. what is it about?
Love it! Appreciate your support!
I feel like I work for Crazy Ernie's used car emporium
Shouts out to my little bros its their 18th birthday!...I love u guys...woot woot!
This is a really moving story and subject, and it's an issue that needs to be addressed and fixed ASAP
..thanks so much for following us :) Happy Wednesday!
: otay if you could be available sooner thad rock cuz I have rehearsal at 6 :(
this person is or why she's doing it. The stuff she posts is absolutely foul. I'm not taking
Thanks to everyone who came out to the show at Grace College. You guys are great, thank you!
Looking for an affordable way to make your home your dream home? Let Remodel America help you have the best looking house on the block.
The First Time Club performs tomorrow at New College, 6pm in the black box theatre. The SOURCE does New College, so excited!
i like how NEVER talks to me no more....:/
I can't do this crap!! 😒
#SorryForPartyRocking:I Love !♡
U trippy mane?
it's brotha man!
Due to your great taste in t.v. shows, you shall be followed, lol. :)
Likewise! I'll be there - hope to meet live at SXSW.
they made it so you understand their sobs, as opposed to whining/subtitles. but ya. still awful. hopefully gone after mothers day
I reminisce so you never forget this The days of wayback, so many bear witness the fitness.
How much longer do you have to last?
Mercury Undercover is live on Vudu.
Championships, baby. But offense is more fun to watch.
The Nonce-"Bus Stops" was the 1st new 12" I ever bought. Had a dope Bside called "Who falls apart" +an Aceyalone intro.
You like Wells or Bell better? Thx for landing me in 2 FFB Superbowls this weekend!!!
"America's Shittiest Kid"
from now on, I'm tagging both of you in every instagram photo I take. Bc I love you :)
fox 59 just posted something about it on facebook.
The best way to make someone remembers u, borrow money from them ;)
#Onlineshopping may be the worst or best thing that has ever happened. Jury is still out on which one it is.
Tonight is "no excuse Wednesday!" no reason to miss it!!
Judy Hale is providing info on professional credentials, certifications, & more. Wed eve in Denver. www.ispi-frc.org
Thanks, had a blast at ! Safe travels back to TEX
"The libraries represent the core of our community." Providence Community Library at
#FNFS sounds like a blast! But I'm having dinner with one of my former NU professors. Next week?
Most "fine dining" restaurants are opened by some B- culinary kid who sank $20,000 into making his final class project a reality.
Well, the Captain, the Radioman, & the Rats will go down with the ship. PS: i like the radioman best.
Your welcome
RT Bynum laughing to Metta about last pass being off the mark. Lakers lose. > ladies n gents, your starting center for the lakers
There are some crazy ass noises going on in my house. Trying to figure out .if it's neighbors blasting music or the cat snoring.
What will each candidate do to help small businesses obtain desperately needed capital? Will they direct increased $ for loans?
Madden fans, TryOuts is hosting a tornament w/a grand prize of $1000!!! Call 210-558-6558 or go2 www.tryoutssanantonio.com 4 info
It sucks when you're ignored by the person who's attention is the only thing you want in the world.
the president comes to town today. hes probably waiting in line to check in for his flight right now. i wonder if they waive his bag fees?
Setting up Twitter account with help from crew! Thanks &
RT : Josh Hamilton has 17 home runs. The Cubs have 19.
are you the father of kane???
I hate when I get a call from the Red Cross that there is a blood shortage and then need my blood. I arrive and there's an hour wait. :(
I'm just gonna wait until Cody says something then I can go back to screaming at my dog.
#Mahomies soon will be trending and Austin will see it(:
I get distracted so easily!
and you have sinned, he has not so who should be afraid?
Glad to hear everyone made it to spring training safely. can't wait for the season to start already.
Congrats to and his new brothers that initiated tonight.
Gates at Pentagon Metro station not working. Letting us walk through? Hmm. How will #WMATA goof this up?
Did you know Smashing Tomato is 1 of less than 40 restaurants in America with the VPN rating? Guaranteeing you authentic Neapolitan Pizza!
An Epic Fail Can Only Lead To A Monumentous Rise....-Breeze DTA-
paradise fears
#BOYFRIEND will be big! beliebers go hard :)
IT'S OFFICIAL: I'M A FEMINIST AND I'M ANGRY. SUCK IT UP OR I DON'T FUCKING CARE!!!
Security World: Cloud Daily News
A very special thank you to all of our followers we reached 300!
You're welcome ;) & good to hear! ^^ But I've to go now so talk later! ♥
Bizarre, i like that word, makes me feel like a rare wild animal or something... idk.
: I have to work, covering the Thanksgiving Day Parade here!
I'm wondering who has what it takes to be a LadyViven?! We are always looking! But please, we hire more than just a pretty face! Let's go!
Fingers are crossed for the whole family. Hector woke up with a sore throat today...
What's up with all these dudes wearing costumes, while "fighting crime?"
awww I missed you too! <3
Yep, completely ridiculous story. I'm not even sure how it qualifies as news.
Nothing like brewing your own iced tea and putting orange slices in it! Yay! :)
could you tweet me....? my birthday's in 2 weeks.
I slipped and fell in cat vomit.
so nice to meet you in NYC. Best of Luck with the rest of your tour.
thanks so much!
oh god now thats you and ange.
#FF I think your birthday is coming up or something.
Love it! MT #leagueofsuperheroes RT Can I start a nonprofit with all these amazing young profs? ISNgen
Also, thanks to the flight attendant on 166 out of Nashville who led us in a rollicking spinoff of Proud Mary--made my day.
okay; fair; I agree with you
Pretty shitty out
I just saw a dog dead on the road. I might need therapy.
me to! Blizzard
#YouGetMajorPointsIf you can pull of a _________________ in #fashion?
Looks cozier than my apartment.
What a beautiful day in Nashville, I love the sound of the birds chirping o a bright sunny warm day! :)
lol I know!!
I lost hella followers .. Oh well
I want a car
glad you like it ! :) welcome!
I got that from rodney when you played ball with him
awwh i miss you too hun !! i been GOOD & you !! yeah sure,, awhh i would love it if Jason followed me
thats crazy mines are unpredictable they get veiny whenever they feel lol
I don't have enough patience to lay out #foreverpale ☀
Happiness is good health and a bad memory.
love scones! Do you make a cinnamon scone? Do share! not homemade, but sells the best cinnamon scones!
you know what it is.
mine was literally a miracle!! Mrs jury I keep telling Alec I want your number so we can go to lunch sometime!
Who wants to chat about: Politics & the Media, Current Events in the News, Sports Topics, TV/Movies or Celeb News & Gossip? Send me a Tweet!
It's raining cats and dogs and rain.
Bouta ride out to columbus, txt my shit.
Holding back tears can give you headache
While I'm with you.
Wayne Labar of LSC "relationships w museums was 1 way - telling the visitor – now, visitors want 2 go both ways & interact w other visitors"
lipstick or lipgloss?
y u no luv me
1st work week of the new year! Good luck everyone.
At the with friends :)
Goodness man!
if you know a venue, let me know and I'll try and get up there with I've never touted Iowa :)
First...D-trix don't test me! Hahahh oh how I love
Big thanks as always :)
Any hint on season 5
#HappyNewYear everyone! Enjoy and make it the best yet! #2012!
UGH! I just failed the biology test. :P
Can we just have class outside please?!
. - "Dirty Ghosts? Oh, that band talked about." Me - "I knew about them BEFORE he mentioned them!!"
thanks man!! I am super pumped
Is there a class that consists of driving around with ur windows down in the middle of the night jamming to Led Zeppelin? If so Im studying.
Now I feel better, #WalkerFailure #divideconquer plan to smash middle class is just his unique way of standing up for taxpayers
ALMOST left the apt without my running shoes in my gym bag. That would've been cool. 5 days til the 1/2!
lead to bad consequences. This thought can be also shared, so others would not repeat.
Good morrow!
GREAT SUN SHINING
incredible! Do have other videos like that?
Twinkle twinkle little star how I wonder what you are... This girl makes lunch so much better
Does what's happening in #egypt remind anyone else of Cory 's "For the Win"?
hey Demi :) I just wanted to say you beautiful & amazing I can't wait to see u on July14 2012 ! My sis and I are crazy for you! 
What the hell are you doing Corey Hart
OMG!!!! DID REV. JACKSON JUST ASK TO TALK MORE!!!!! lollolol
TY for the story tip!
Thanks for the tip! Can't go wrong with Rev Soup. Know any place that also serves fries?
just hours from flying home...Chicago here I come!
Natalia is a fave bc her "Chess Kama Sutra" ousted #ChessBitch for *best* chessbook title. Can't wait to comment WCh w. her!
trill life
The Union Gospel Mission needs blankets and socks to keep an extra 60 ppl warm tonight. Drop some off if u can help!
Seems like there is a lot of outrage that Kelsey Grammer won the GG. I agree Cranston deserved it, but Kelsey was amazing in Boss!
Hold the letter on which you want the accent on - a popup menu will appear allowing you to choose the accent.
Great career and internship advice from today. There're so many opportunities to take advantage of!
You're you going to know its real when I stop giving a fuck !
Couldn't have said it better ourselves
What time does the competition start?
just received #superbowl update from host committee... only 66 days out!! time is flying... is ready though!
I received a selfpromo spam blast email from an "accomplished leader of global digital influence" If u guy who I'll give you a shiny quarter
I love seeing humble talented artist
I could have bought 12 Tardis items on Etsy for the amount of money I just put down on my daughter's birthday party. She better be worth it.
Appreciate the RT!
The sun was short-lived. It's black and raining out there again. With thunder this time.
Miss being with all my friends at #sandbox - thanks to all for the tweets, and for the forthcoming video!
he's a country boy and he likes himym and hes my age. perfect match? yep. RT Barney stinson aaalllwwwwaaayyyss gets the yes!
Best team lunch yet
8/13/2010 Book Review: Marketing Lessons from the Grateful Dead blogcritics
Opportunities multiply as they are seized. - Sun Tzu
When spotting up on opposite wing & ur teammate drives baseline, flatten out to ur baseline corner to make for easy pass & shot.
no tweets yet?
Every Relationship Has Its Problems But What Makes It Perfect Is When You Still Want To Be There When Everything Sucks
Brown Boxer Madeira Beach FL awesome margaritas, cheesesteak, roast beef dip, onion rings, fish tacos, 50+ beers, pool, Rays on parade.
I think my kids were switched at birth. I made them watch A Christmas Story today and they didn't like it.
I also may have broken the disposal
Paul from wonder years for Prez!
Follow!! RT There's now an instagram account for come follow us: DeathofanEra
Who knew building a social media and broadcasting platform was so much hard work?!? I seriously need to add to my team... I'm listening... …
-- really makes us look weak and lame. I actually applaud Crean/AD for standing their ground.
heading to the last pre-production meeting for the JAZZ FEST!!!! ALLYN JOHNSON TONIGHT!!!!!!
I'm at the mall and #chasingthesun video is playing on the screen...definitely a sign !
Mo and I are plastering Baltimore with invitations to The FABLERS show on Valentine's. Rewarding ourselves with a big slice in Fell's Point.
": don't hate because she's beautiful" define beautiful. -______-
Not sleeping SUCKS! That is all.
also, we love cats too!
..find that funny and strangely appropriate. But what do I know. I'm at the plastic surgeon--NOT for a boob job.
Actual P1 questions on Twitter probably need a "this is not a bit" disclaimer...though you'll get joned on either way.
I just made the best Spanish rice EVER!!!
Babe u've taken my heart & I'm the luckiest guy to be with u,I truly love u & mean it everytime I say it to u mamas :)
Final Q: Is #4profit enrollment affected by student tech preferences? How does tech affect recruitment/retention?
Congrats on your #ypweek award. Keep up the great work!
Mere hours away from my trip to #AccessCampDC with If I come across anything fun I'll be sure to pass it along.
that movie looks like it will be nonstop action
that was such a good show
I'm good:) just been missing your beautiful self!
Every week is social media week for me, but apparently Feb 13-17, 2012 is #SocialMedia Week in Washington, DC
Fishing, dog park and football. Great day at whiterock lake to start 2012!
She should have gone to Sarah Lawrence.
With this rain considering taking the MTA to Lucky Baldwins. Happy St. Party's Day.
Sweet dreams..
RT : #DunwoodyFarmhouse What are you the most excited to see at the Dunwoody Art Festival? Be sure to co......
Civil War Roundtable of Nazareth to sponsor book discussion, Adam Goodheart 1861
Finally!!! 6 on 5...one more
The bus is not the place to PAINT YOUR FUCKING NAILS LADY, CUT THAT SHIT OUT. GOD MY EYES ARE WATERY THAT SHIT SMELLS.
Going to Chicago Wednesday!
#kill dem #shidz I'm
BUT THEY ALL LICE ICON BLUE! (:
Don’t forget it was God who healed or delivered you. Return and Follow God! Be Encouraged!
Did anyone else watch S Club 7? Can we all agree the coolest one was the guy who didn't belong...Bradley?
Black Cherry Crush at the wild Buffalo, Bellingham Wa, first show here, feeling good.
Thanks for the shout out. Who are you choosing to be on your team for this weekend?
I'm tired af I'm goin to sleep good night I'm sleeping with a smile on my face tonight and your the reason :)
yo, we have the same name! :)
its raining jordan hallelujah oh its raining...
it is a process and sometimes takes time. Hang in there for sure. Have you spoken with you football recruiting coach yet?
i got to admit the truth-- i am totally head-over-heels in love with you<3
I'm getting lazy, I get excited about my flights getting cancelled so I can sleep in.
lol mind your business
It was tasty :)
Always fun to enjoy some laughs and cocktails with the likes of and aka BlindManSees.
I get random Manfredi followers. Do any of you get 'same last name' followers?
I wish more people lived in sleepy!
LEts go CGFIA
did your group still meet about edcamp last week? If so, any ideas?
Had a minor heart attack when I reached into my pocket and my wallet wasn't there. Then I remembered it was in a different pocket.
I can certainly do that, just let me know when!
my boyfriend laughed at me when Allie remembers Noah because I started to cry.
Sleep deprivation is a heckuva drug.
Horse-racing industry still reeling from shock of losing Slots at Racetracks program
What a huge win for our team - Myles was a beast and we had a ton of players step up! A total TEAM win! Saturday vs. Harding!
It was. I think it might have been a dream, which is also how many of the videos ended.
morning. Coffee is brewing.
The man himself,, same to you Baron!! RT : happy thanksgiving brotha!
First dates for u is sending pics of ya hey
ooh white sands is good
oh whatever I'm sure she's not
thanks so much ;)
thanks for the luv!
It's our 2 year birthday! See you tonite!
Congrats for book 3 which has hit the best seller. "U really trying to extend this lead. I am going to catch up. #Believe lol"
Today's NY Times crossword took me to the brink, but I brought myself back.
What a great day in #Madison #WI and #Omaha #NE! The temps outside are nice and the wind is perfect. Now if the sun would just come out.
i hope they remember this time =]. i would email him about but i don't want to bug them. And maybe if you get to him you could
yes yes pleasee! i am already planning my birthday gift for you :)
Somebody tell us, is the DC government shutting down if Congress doesn't act tomorrow?
Special #FF in honor of their great work in the real world last weekend's
Guess who unfollowed me!
HR is sales. Well that changes my to-do list.
sorry! i have been so busy at my gmas and she didnt have internet
Get ready for the summer... Just sayin'...
Lyon: We have usually thought of deliberation as a process with a terminus (which is usually concensus). And that's the mistake, she says.
Unhelpful! MT : Having a job w/o raising kids is most fun route, why it's one men usually choose, pushing childcare 2 women
Stop by ours near the registration table, may win a prize later RT Gonna do showbooth shuffle
Really great show tonight. Big thanks to , & /via
The seagulls are taking over the bleachers by force.
The Clippers game has been the best playoff game so far.
RT When someone unfriends or unfollows me, I just assume that they have a low tolerance for awesome. LOL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Oh god, I think Eric's here. No. You're creepy and oooolllddd
It is now time for Friday Night #SmackDown!
Come support our cause at our "Fit Fiesta" coming up this May 4th. Live Band, Food, Drinks, Auctions, Raffles, Kids Games, Dodgeball Tourny!
Alright everything bad today is over!
Looking good, Darren P.
God... These guys have been so sweet, and hot, fur or no...
It's funny because a lot of people thought we were crazy for getting married on that day :) your mom's anniversary too?
I think tomorrow I'm going to write a bade fanfiction about Becks latest update in the slap
I published 4 videos in the past 24 hours and shared them with students ONLY through twitter. over 500 views already. connected
dude remember when that was the song that played when you called me? a ringback tone or whatever..RT Shaggy - it wasn't me
hehe , the whole time mrs. Marshall was talking all i heard was tu pac "how do you want it" ;D
lol I feel you
Ok sweet I'll check it out
We do ship, check us out @ www.hubigs.com!
Doris Burke? Seriously? Are the Silver Stars playing?
Unfortunately, the twitter stream later reveals what sessions (like this one) I shouldn't have missed!
Ever seen 1 of ya DOGS turn into a SNAKE?! Ever seen a SNAKE turn into RAT?! Fkn wit U...I can tell u bout that!
I can't believe I'm gonna be a junior in a couple of months. I remember last year being so excited for high school...now it's a hell hole.
If you're driving between Milwaukee & Chicago, be warned... Tons of cops! Merry XMas, license & registration please.
So do I! RT Happy 75th, Jim. We still miss you.
getting highly upset and really irritated...
When is the duedate for sending in nonprofit fundraising events?
Maybe I shouldn't have texted that earlier... Where's DOC when you need him?
I GUESS I could start my day...
Sometimes I have to remind myself: I cannot control the people around me. Sometimes it actually helps. Often I forget it two seconds later.
I. I believe. I believe that. I believe that we will win!
Young check ya email
Just a little crying, but still so sweet
Nice! I am currently in Portland. Where are you job hunting?
You never posted my grad photo, and I was sexy back then
Pineda out for the year, maybe longer.
Well, had Romney gone to Vietnam instead of France, I could see him meeting the same end that Niedermeyer did.
Best jobs for Artistic People:performer, editor/interior design/producer/director/ graphic designer/landscape architect/liberal arts teacher
Lol.. They're that good, they might. Just feel LA has a better chance to win. Can't tell me you won't be stoked if LA beats OKC?
you're an idiot.
My instagram is and my tumblr is
well im gonna try to make it up to her tomorrow, i think i thought of a way..
Happy Birthday! Thanks for dining with us for the big day :)
: put in a plug for me ok!
Right? Nah, I guess my body has had enough rest. I'll probably regret it later :/
I'm your go-to guy ;) Let me know when!
thank you sp-sister!
Planning a surprise for is like mi3 without Tom.
Thanks for the follow. I love when local twitters connect.
Thanks to everyone at the MAKOS Spring Invitational Swim Meet at GMU - we loved serving you Maui Wowi smoothies!
“: A little drunk, and a little terrified from American Horror Story. Lethal combination.” i need to do this
I love your song! Keep it up :D
So eating more lemon cake ISN'T the same thing as writing a paper?
Maybe if catches us #WatchingCommunityTonite with its #Dreamatorium episode we'll win a hoodie.
nickels are heavier, more threatening, and more effective. lmao
Manny where you at?
better follow me. he's a
What shows can we *not* miss and see while we're at SXSW?
#GatorNation official hashtag for #SEC Outdoor Track and Field Championships =
SF is one of the cities we're considering expanding to. In town this wk. Let me know if you'd like to meet. cc
Monday = half off bottles of wine all day!
foshow am going to check you out but we looking for a beat make for the team so if we like what we hear we talk
Psalm 119:159 See how I love your precepts; preserve my life, LORD, in accordance with your love.
eating cake
Life Happens Part 2
"i don't care anymore this is my rife!"
We got a new song coming out. It is going to be huge!!!!!
This Clippers/Memphis game gettin' live.
well, I'll be back in ATX tonight!
If you really like someone's clothes, then why are they referred to as "duds"?
hurry up bro graduation waits for no man! We saved u and Joyce seats though
Don't forget - Easter Baskets for homeless children for 22 years!
lol sometimes u got to set an alarm. ;-)
Glory to God Glory to God!
Made it to break, 50k chips going to 6/1.2, 23 remain, tougher table with some good spots too - eat, meditate, win
Hope your well sir
Just bought George Harrison's "Early Takes Vol 1" from Amazon for $5! This, right here, is good stuff.
YOU ARE SO SWEET! Thank you! :)
yup bs
Rebel America lands instrumental placements for Bravo's The Real Housewives of Atlanta & CMT's Behind the Music: - Miranda Lambert TV Shows
please follow mee?
We can't wait to see our #NMDD participants' reactions when they get their hands on the brand new #CTX3030 for the 1st time!
In the car, waiting for boy to finish Scouts, listening to Sendak interview on NPR. So beautiful & sad...trying not to cry & embarrass self.
Data Image Hires Kelly Jackson
Actually now that I think of it, I can think of several accounts where we have met.
Not highlighting the districting part, referring to how the process was sculpted to Tom Potter's interests.
With a scratch and sniff index!
I'm impressed it only took you 4 hours - it's quite a list! Let me know what you think of our session.
awww Austin im so sorry my poor baby feel better I wish i could hold you and make you feel better<3 #RIPAngel :((
Dear Thanks For Rapping/Singing. You Have Really Inspired Since The Day You Came Out. Im Lucky To Call You My Rolemodel.
hmm. which one was you?
Have a good night buddy. Wish we could have worled something out ": Ok R Bar, your in for some serious shit!! Hehe"
great to hear!
Lard might be alright in moderation- I just would not eat a lot of it
FUNGUS IS FOR PUSSIES
congratulations on your PhD Rob
Tiranne An Ass For That. Lmaoo.
The routine of our every day life especially in a city like NYC can be a drain on the body and the mind.
you're welcome I can't wait to read more.
Uh...anyone having issues watching and getting sound?
Going to try that ASAP, liquid lunch!?!
Filling my schedule up for spring & summer..are you in need of music for a special event? I can help.
RT : A2: Sales & Executives often drive the SOW, Negotiations, etc...contract handed to PM. Need PMs/BAs involved up front
Excited to get some great new foodie tips from today!
Looking for a keyboard player and a soloist. If you or someone you know would be interested, please contact me at .
Singers, Great information about music business and building your fan base !Check out
Haha so cute how always says jerk just to not say a bad word
The best portion of a good man's life is the little, nameless, unremembered acts of kindness and love.-- William Wordsworth
Keep fighting that fight! You have much support!
Good for you got suspended on what uv done to this chick!! Ur full of shit! Geta life u mofo!!
I won't stop, I'll keep trying as hard as I can because taught me to #NEVERSAYNEVER ! If he doesn't notice me I WON'T GIVE UP0
Aye Cam! quick question how tall are you?
i have nothing if i dont have you. cheh haha.
It's #listeningto Wednesday! What #music are you checking out right now?
Haha uh oh PITT is driving.
Men who eat many prunes, sit on toliet many moons.
haha dude this is awesome, you look great!
*there are
chill times. saturday. whats up? who am i right?
If you don't go to school or have a job, what are you doing with your life?
happy birthday your still as hot and sexy as ever
Yes sir!
And how many would actually want to come to MKE?
Sometimes I really feel like I'm the only person who understands me.
T.Rains put on a great show. Definitely my fave of the night
#3WordsForYou You are you.
Have a great New Year too!
Filling in at Moose Winooski's tonight for so c'mon out! Fun begins after the nightly shot toast at 8p!
We're sorry to hear that, feel better soon!
God restores the broken through Christian Rehab Centers. He can heal your loved one.
All in all it was all just bricks in the wall
Amici's wishes all the moms a very Happy Mother's Day. We'll be serving up some very special brunch and dinners for you today at Amicis.
Sometimes when you give up on someone its not because you dont care anymore, you just realized that they dont
Happy Holidays, all! ICDS is closing today & will open on Jan 5. If you need anything, please use our emergency contact info. Best wishes!
RT : Illinois Hospitals Generate $78.7 Billion Annual Impact on State's Economy - MarketWatch (press release)...
CANADA: Go buy KARL WOLF "DJ Gonna Save Us" on iTUNES now! I co-wrote it with & #DJgonnaSAVEus RT RT
I knew I saw something going on! RT : HBO's Treme is filming in the School of Architecture.
check out dates, we'll be close to you at the end of this month ;)
Thank you. I need to store my vids and photos from my research in Mexico; are either one of these affordable?
That sums it up. Though, it's a fine line, finer, between Biz and Rez zones, w/ large mixed-use projects.
I pop me one, cop me one
stay strong bay #YOLO I'm here if u need support
Donna Rose & Robin Brand. Dialogue was honest, enlightening,& funny! Couldn't ask for more!
#NP She ain't you by Chris Brown, I can't seem to stop playing this song
Dellinger: justices do not talk with each other as much as they once did. Almost like 9 separate law firms.
Are you in NYC?
C.B. Brooks invented the street sweeper in 1896- download- InSpotter mobile app
Ew. School tomorrow
Sir Paul made a cameo on 30 Rock tonight. Everything I love, all in one.
I feel like this is much more of a religious problem than a government issue. But I understand where both sides are coming from
currently reading Vindicated book. Pretty good and pretty interesting. On page 119 Mitchell Report
3 friends,..and I like them all!
thanks for sharing it with us :)
Reds are made of a softer compound than the blacks.
thank you, and you as well! :)
I'm lying in bed, feeling like I'm somewhere over Denver. The stars are out. Such a clear night.
Thanks for the #FF. Love what you post!
thanks my camera on my phone sucks! Ugh
RT : Let's start this hashtag today #IHelpHomelessPetsBy ... making it my life's work to make our community a better place for them.
Your shows hve to be tight, a sloppy show just shows you're not ready.
Person threatening to jump off 22nd street bridge in
23 days till #coachella!!!! can. not. wait.
hay I like much better too hawever there has to be some down time
I have never hated road work more than Ido right now. We should have been at the hotel and in bed by now.
yes... good clarification haha. Let's plan on a celebratory drink when things open up for you.
1 more slipped in just under the wire! Shout out to Eryn Clark for her contribution bringing us to a total of $7,110!! Amazing.
me too in an odd way.
Congratulations to two cool dudes on their college graduation: & - way to go, guys!!!
Writing about #sustainability at #UNM. Adobe system doesn't recognize "sustainability" and keeps marking it as misspelled. This irks me.
NATO Summit time....
Boy how big is you?
I was about to beat this dude ass in this alley
And aye-e-aye-e-eye Will Always Loaf You
Would you like to work from home? To help pets? To help people? www.GenesisRxHealthOpp.com
I pay my dues, dues getcha done.
I was wondering- and so am I!
Can I throw in that Jeter was a Columbus Clipper, for know your Clippers?
Now Piero Attanasio from ARROW (Euro Rights infrastructure). Rights information needed to manage digital data
Jealous of all of the girls webcam's that are working :').
.: Evil stands no Chance :. HARRY POTTER was ah-mazing (:
I got the whole little movie book, it was in the car when I was cleaning it out before I went and boutght the new car
Welcome #pdxdms students! First day of the Digital Marketing Strategies Certificate program.
Orbis Cascade asked what others were doing with resource sharing ebooks - no good models
Obama has allowed $7 trillion dollars to be given to banks and bankers.
It's official...I'm going to Game 6. Gotta figure out how to do it, but it's happenin'
Laying In My Bed
Told ya bruh... " I ain't mad at ya lil bra. said they was hot rite now and he was rite. #salute"
Did anyone catch Joe's cameo?
National Police backs national ID system - Business Mirror
Mobile Transcript - Read, review & annotate your deposition transcripts with the tap of your finger on your iPad
why aren't you going?
surprised that i haven't already, but im gonna start reading Room 317. i heard its amazing :)
thinking bout you RT : Wonder what doing.
chores to do
Tryin to get this first video from my event on YouTube. It's my version of Hillsong- The Stand. Having some $ issues but should be up soon.
Aiight... Deandre got his 1st standing ovations... Wow. Lol that boy and you killed that song
Waking up this morning with alot on my mine
I have three guys with ladder in my office working on the clicking that has slowly been driving me insane for the last 3 months. I <3 them.
RT : RT : What does it take to implement 6m sq ft of #BIM at one of the US' largest medical centers?...
Theres a guy next to me with an animal print scarf
is the #hyperlib website down for anyone else?
Congratulations on your Huffington Post piece. I really enjoyed reading it.
All I see is lyrics on my timeline.
quit and restart your browser :)
was hoping to be there by now. Turns out it wasn't in the cards.
whores! Although my cat's affection can be bought for the shake of a treat bag. You don't even need the treat.
#JetBlue issues full refund to cancelled red-eye SJC to BOS. Nicely done Jet Blue
I am trying to think more about emotions these days, you know, those things that only women are allowed to have
Thank you for your plug.
miss you to!
just saw music video! beautiful voice, beautiful girl, beautiful video. its all just beautiful!<3
Now I know I work tonight. Except where do I work again? Crap.
Called Dad a Mustard Tiger for using too much mustard and he got really mad.
where u at kid
“I wasn't drunk!” “Dude, you threw my bird to a cop yelling “GO ANGRY BIRD, GO KILL THEM PIGS!””
yes. “: I don't think we can progress as a civilization if we avoid talking about hard issues.”
i wish! but driving all the way there with would be a nightmare
Waco isn't bad at all
fuck it lol im sticking to what i said
"Take every chance, drop every fear. ♥"
Good thing no one in Iran has mobile phones, am I right?
This Monster Golf place is kinda scary... It's too much for me right now! 😳
Hope everyone had a great Halloween! Thanks to all who came out!
i love going to the beach just to make fun of people.
the next one to show up at my house
thanks Daisy! You are awesome.
Sorry you couldn't make it. won best food blog. Check our Twitter bio for links to results, pics and a Twitter list.
Last monday i had a snow day....today im sweating like a fucking fat man who just ran 5 miles...what the actual fuck, mother nature of pa.
Actually going to bed before 11! I love sleep and somehow don't get enough of it. Goodnight Twitter world!
Recession is so bad, even Apple lost jobs
Hey, remember to send me that strumming file
Sun is the best for relaxations! RT : happy #FF ! And down to San Diego supercross Saturday and relaxing Sunday!
. Glad to see another town council on Twitter!
Brown bag luncheon today for the public! Fifteen books & good cookies. Love doing this presentation!
What's with the highs in the 60s this week!?! Spring is such a tease!
Cyber Monday Deal of the Hour - Free Mickey Mouse Ice Cream Bars with your Disneyland package for March-December 2012. Call Us at...
Bout to pass out; man I swear jm on my level
I am mostly up early just to wish the WDW Radio Running Team and all of my other friends good luck on today's race...
not currently, but I used to. My to-reads are in a massive Excel I've had since college, slowly transferring to Goodreads
Way to go!
Just got more expensive to challenge a competitor's Ad. B/NAD increase fee from $3,500 to $5,000 (for non-partner, fee is $6,000 - $20,000
Iron CowboyIII Bull Riding in Arlington.. Who could ask for a better arena for the PBR and watchin the bulls.
- it was clean
I'm trying to come back to life feeling a bit drained
Just teat drove the Scion xD aha smooth ride bro!! xD
you're so welcome
home goods! There is one in la canada....AMAZING
Vanity license plate spotted: TO OZ. #Australia? Or Baum's imaginary Land of #Oz? Both sound good on a rainy day in
I'm A Fan Of Many But I Only Support A Few
i love catching ppl in lies!!! but oh well fuck it!
is genuinely nice guy who wants the best for Wisconsin, I am proud to support him
So very true! Acronyms can become maddening on occasion : ) --> RT : Writing about healthcare + technology = alphabet stew.
Time to dual boot this MBP w/an OS capable of dealing with audio like an adult. Hello debian, my long lost friend.
Did you hear about $1B for Instagram? :D
"Happily ever after?" We did 2 corporate events with Fairy Tale themes this month. New trend?
How are those windows you got last summer? Just checkin' in!
Hey David, thanks for the follow - try drinking more coffee for weight loss! ;-) Take care!
If you are absent during my struggle, don't expect to be present during my success.
If it weren't bad enough to remember pple's names, now have to remember twitter handles too.
happy birthday bob marley r.i.p
i cant wait any longer you look gorgeous!
No... That's a hippy!
Left his feet, 2 min penalty. He didn't target the head it's clearly shoulder to shoulder. Charging. Rangers should have scored on the PP.
Firmed up some exciting new developments with my sport psychology provision (from next month), it's nice to meet open minded individuals.
Packing, packing! #SXSWi bound in the morning! Austin, here we come!
These body urges for s** are killing me right now
LOL, Kimberly... I have a guitar, but don't have the slightest idea of how to play... wish I knew how.
#uCantBeToughAndSay "Aye I hear you good with them soft lips bruh"
You can either run with it or forget it..
I am excited for your future and will support you as a fan!
Need sounds for your #app or #game ? #appdev #gamedev #sounddesign I want to help.
!! Yes! <3 them even more b/c Swish sent good wishes 2 my dad who passed away a couple of wks ago. Made my dad's eyes light up!
15 miles down, 985 to go to reach my goal for the year.
#FF Please follow !!
dam its cold.
OH OH OH! Please share! My world is blurry right now!
Thank 4 the<3, talk soon!busy week!
does it come out tomorrow?
Time goin by so slloooowww been here since. 9 a.m. and i still got 7hours b4 im off lol
Korver was screaming for the ball! Why all the blame on Lucas? NO ONE WANTED TO SHOOT!
Visualising Emancipation project out of U Richmond maps a massive amount of data on slave informants
did Jon Lucas really get in Lebrons face? That's what I call a poor decision. Lebron would ruin him.
Going to Stamford
#NavDiff kiosk is @ MuMA. Sites in S. Africa & Peru want to host the exhibit too! Where would you like to see dialogue on immigration? Why?
yeah I know I love it
Sounds like it's getting serious between Kanye West and Kim Kardashian. Kim says he's the one she wants to spend the rest of her month with.
And the best chat room on Paltalk is....?
Oh, I herd you two killed it alright...
Admirable endeavor.
It's been a shit week for everyone.
That sounds wonderful! Wish I could go. :)
RT : Enjoyed this AM listening to at the #HBATSMC. She has great energy & ideas! Thx to for making...
Be brave. Be bold. Listen to your heart.
yeah. I can't wait until LTE iPhone.
Ugh gotta go to work at 5am tomorrow!!
I didnt know u were at work doe
I just might try to get a job there so I can choose music//make the Common Grounds experience more pleasing for others. SO selfless
Chris, "remembering he's not here" takes some time indeed. Try to enjoy the flood of memories that reappear w/each thought.
I guess things haven't changed there since I left.
of course!! Any excuse to bust out a boa!
Yep! The "real" relationships formed via Twitter are what's important!
This my first time seeing a stripper wit a backpack on.... Lmao! She fresh out the academy! Smmfh!
Interactive Marketing Agency in ATL looking for a #RubyonRails Developer. Let me know if you're interested.
wishing our wonderful Karen Spence a happy belated birthday! We love you!
FASHION TIP: is coming out with cute ballet flats in Spring 2012 --- sweet!
I missed it!
Once a freestyle hardcore walker, always a one-time freestyle hardcore walker
Back in the BXV
High Risks CAN be dismissed given the proper documentation. www.phasei.com
there's no air conditioning on the bus?
I love seein guys driving a mini cooper; an try to make up for lookin like such a pussy by driving as if they're starring in the Italian Job
Dads political advice for the day "mijo don't get caught with a stripper in your office" Hahahaha
People always regret how they treat you after you leave. By then it's too late to fix things. 11:28am
It's like I have to re-introduce my dog to snow every 3 weeks now.
I don't think the pothole even comes close to comparing to last night
nothing like a little hootie and the blowfish to make for a productive monday :)
heck, it wasn't like this back in 2002 when i did my first linux install with Gentoo. These dang kids and their Ubuntu!!
Drawn Dead Pro Takes down $15 thousand pot in first hour of action..total over $18,000
oh no! I will have to go and check it out. Busy streak and not much playtime. Missed you too. A lot.
I'm headed your way Jose!
Holy cow #30RockLIVE was amazing tonight! If you missed it, SHAME ON YOU!
I met the two of you at Blogher 11. You were the life of the party and had all the good gossip. :-)
I wanna be a walrus more than anything else in the world.i am truly dedicated to becoming a walruswith love and support ill go to antarctica
How is it that I am the one with NO KIDS but I always end up watching kids...too nice I guess.
I hate how Monday is so far away from Friday and Friday is so close to Monday.
Chief Teare: "I do not want to break the law, so I respectfully decline to answer any questions that would do that"
We offer a free market approach to success in the music industry!!
So, I grabbed my umbrella on a whim this morning. Best whim ever.
A world where the likes of Josh Morgan, Jason Campbell & Eddie Royal are trending on isn't a world a sports fan wants to be part of
Tips for Designing Website /GUI , silverlight , HTML , Flash, CSS ...
ITs PAY DAY and tonight its on at WET NIGHTCLUB with POWER 102 9-2a, Drink specials, Power Mixers & more! 915-449-2066
absolutely. call or come by the gallery. have a great weekend.
YEAH FIELDER
The joys of being the golf caddy. :/
Happy Hour starts at 4pm! 1/2 price sushi & sushi
Already going to conferences, huh? Sweet!
hit me up
We're glad you were able to stop by! Looking forward to what the future will bring!
DO NOT FORGET TO VOTE! VOTE! this Tuesday! Do your research, understand what they stand for and VOTE! Many judges are up for re-election!
Bout to start putting the story board together for our next video shoot!! Yeah buddy!!
thanks to everyone for the kind retweets of my contents =) You are all amazing!
So I found a video on my moms computer of Royce from high school singing to me :-) them days >>>>>> ;)
I believe and deserve a S/O for throwing a legit ass rager lastnight. It's too bad the cops cut it short!
Happy Easter!
Cranky Tax Help. IRS Pub525, Pg31, Other Income: BRIBES. If you receive a bribe, include it in your income.
and those without twitter...all I can say, is good luck.
What does he need? We have snacks.RT : Rep. Kriesel holds up sign to TV cameras during prolonged #Vikings stadium debate: "HELP"
Grading "Special Teams" | Gilreath's punt return touchdown | Brings them up to "D" |
what does it taste like?
Tonight at 9PM ET on TV! #LongBeachPoly #4thandForever RT : don't for get to tune in for the show 4th and forever
happy bday bro
Weird side effect to your MIRROR, MIRROR review: characterization of IMMORTALS as "gonzoid" made me want to see the film.
perfect waffle weather!
I'll get off of the computer in 5 minuets..
are you serious!? I fcking hate being judged when i state my opinions. tell them to fuck off.
don't worry he has enemies here too!
RT : I just need two more followers to reach 1,000 help me out by retweeting this
Pure Leaf Iced Tea(TM) Launches &quot;For the Love of Leaves&quot; Campaign And Partners ... - MarketWatch (press release)
we live in MKE and he loves the Brewers. Braun is his fav player on either team! He partly wore Cubs stuff to make me happy!
I'd rather pick a bug up and throw it outside than kill it.
trade boozer he is a waste
Can't wait til tomorrow!!
tyson is or will be on fb again soon apparently :)
Indeed. RT : Quote of the day: “Simplicity is the ultimate sophistication.”-leonardo de vinci
haha. Yeah buddy!!
Bend over. You know how we do it. Feet to shoulders.
Yeqh Hope They Repeat It && You Really Saw The
The trouble with not having a goal is that you can spend your life running up and down the field and never score!
You Are More Than Welcome
e, kindness and positivity with others
I dislike new people.
just ate at Crabby Bills with the fam, now at Ybor City!
. . .for it leaves out the one country at which Humanity is always landing. ~Oscar Wilde
guess who finally finished her last make it take it part. c: im rendering now, then i'll put it all together and upload it (:
Today is the big NASCAR race at PIR and the weather is going to be phenomenal! You can bet the action will be too!!!
Java Monster is my hero :)
iPic theaters are lame as hell. IMHO. Just walked out in pure frustration.
yeah, march 7th.
i don't fear it. i jus don't want it.
You can win a pair of "Witness" tickets for the 2012 Art Heist on Saturday, 4/28 by being EASL Emergency Artist Support League's fan #850!
My damn J.Cole mixtape dont work anymore
me too
Why dreaded?
didn't we decide to kill him?
Melody inn in Indianapolis, IN TONIGHT!
I think today, I buy a pumpkin.
Who else puts their blankets in the dryer to make them warm before you go to sleep? Just me? O.
I'm Excited. Youhh Followed Me!!. HeHe. You're So Nice!. And Pretty Jussayin'!. (NoHomo)
Great company and a great opportunity for you guys to make money. Reach out and follow him today!!!
My money is on paid leftiest operative. ,)
what the fuck is moobies? is that some type of down syndrome term?
RT : A protester was shot dead and several people injured in Tunisia after security forces
After absorbing pressure for the first ten minutes, the HP girls put three away in a matter of minutes.
So blessed!!
working on a final project... it will be a long night!
Yes. The last place I expected to find a nightmare.
I had the same thought as I stepped out for coffee (though I got soaked on my ride in this AM) MT Rain stopped. You can bike now
they are more defensive than reactionary
you were totally my favorite person today. :)
Me + = unsubscribe
yes. Happy that Sabrina came second she gets $100,000
HBday! RT : #Guesanumber 36 because it's my husband's lucky number and his birthday next week ;)
Not yet but it's most likely looking like the burg!
Someone follows you on Twitter YAY, a new follower! , *Someone follows you in real life* HOLY SH*T A STALKER
Wanna be a part of this year's ? Let us know. Lots of ways to get exposure: sponsorships, vendor booths, & door prizes!
baby girl I'm comin in tuesday night, cant wait to see you!
She needs a promotion !
@ We do support court reporters but not the incompetent ones. The article is a must read for all CRs.
Lol! I'd like to see u try. Give me 150k and I'm in there to the death, ya heard! haha
“God answers in 3 ways:he says yes & gives you what you want, he says no & gives you something better, or he says wait & gives you the best”
Waiting for s good morning tweet :D
WUDUP DOE CHECK OUT THE MUSIC
Oh you can see your NEON green bra through your shirt....that's really cute. You should go home and think about your life choices.
FREE DRINKS TODAY - be among the first 5 people to say the secret word "GINGER" to the bartender and your first drink is free. mahalo
Fear the Gemini!
Morning all! I just had an awesome bagel. M. What about you?
lol .. damn get the fuck up then gee ! fuck u on the floor for my nigga ? lol && you THINK ? damn
Ryan Braun attributes his home run power to never drinking Limelite Fusion Drink in his life.
Y iz everything so hard
And now everyone has won a postseason series. Horay for MLB postseason parody!! Hustle plays and antlers earned that for the Rangers.
lol thanks hannah! :) I am I can only handle so much
Had a great time! Can't wait to try what's next.
Thank you to the new followers & 342 does not make me Blue!
Kendrick went too hard for the dub tonight haha
Let's go Badgers! Orange is just a wimpy version of red.
September 8th -- I'm on a team. You should. It'd be badass.
meeeh :( does that mean I can't watch it?
I put a link at the bottom of my blog to your site, I think a lot of my followers would like checking your blog out as well
Does it make me gay that I really like Wiz Khalifa's Bing commercial?
Is there a football game on?
*Smiles* I love you.
I watch how people react when talking to them so i do not bore them...
wummels cruise wife is opening a buisiness, is wummels financing it...haha
Its was so great seeing you last night amazing show!
INT. NIGHT - DIVE BAR. A man sits in a dark booth. Drinking. He has the crazy-eyes. He has been solving a problem. #howsthewritinggoing?
Happy Halloween (:
sorry I posted an Rt I thought was your tweet. My bad
Its all these people with their cotton candy eyes
yeah. thanks. I thought so too.
True love begins when nothing is looked for in return. ~Antoine De Saint-Exupery
"Courage is what it takes to stand up and speak. Courage is also what it takes to sit down and listen."-- Sir Winston Churchill
If you're going to get any joy out of being depressed, you've got to stand like this .
" is great but apps that offer shows from multiple networks are the future." - Dan Cohen, EVP, PayTV & Digital, Disney ABC
Is it weird that I have both a banana and a microphone in my pocket?
my dad rewinds the tv atleast 20 times when he sees something funny before going back to live .
Design is a funny word. Some people think design means how it looks. But of course, if you dig deeper, it's really how it works. -Steve Job
The wind and the rain are coming crashing in.
what it do lor sis? I wanted 2 know what your plans were 4 the day..
Cool: gives a shout-out: helping solve data needs AND empower economic opportunity.
Nathan is the nipple pincher pro
my body hurt !!
hell yeah! A nigga gets tired of always coming out of pocket.
hey everyone request boyfreind by on
hey we're just down the road - let's catch up and grab a beer soon
RT : Work satisfaction (or lack thereof) definitely affects how open someone will be towards learning.
Great company name!
What happened to your truck?
thanks... That means a lot to me Katie.. <3
My mentions tonight, tho>>
RT this if you think I should change my mind and run for re-election cause & are boring
pero you have to understand certain people have different situations.
We can't bunt there to move Ramirez over to third?
Lol I bet!!! How come you did it?
Ditto“: Just switched from the #CNNTeaPartyDebate to the Miss Universe pageant. "Nude heels make every woman's legs a mile longer.
Thank God we have one another! Luv u! ":I don't know how my family would get through anything if we didn't have each other <3"
Another beautiful sunny day in LA. Just received merger docs for the SAG-AFTRA union #Epic - XavierLT.com
my daughter is my inspiration
"Tomorrow is not Martin Luther King Day." ~ Me, on the phone, just now.
Just had the most outstanding customer service experience at #Safeway on Hawthorne in #pdx... grand opening, staff fantastic!
I'm literally taking this one day at a time.
Good Morning my fellow friends & family HeHe! I pray you have a blessed day. Stay positive today :)
it's just ridiculous, especially this year, it's for their taking and they can't get it done
lol I hope your alright man
miss mimi pink is ready to get this party started!
you inspire me to follow my dreams! I love you so much, Liam!♥
what if you're busy?
First free night and I'm doing laundry and cleaning. ugh.
RT : Ray Decker, #OPM: Hiring goals across govt of #Veterans; FY 11 results 28% of all new hiring in govt were vets/disabled vets.
He has a half gallon of rock gut in his hand. Please don't drink that,
Another ? for the crowd: Do you sew for craft shows? Is it worth the time/energy? Why do you do it?
Bramson ORT College Spring 2011 registration is in progress. The Admission offices will be open Monday to Friday: 9:00 A.M. to 4:00 P.M.
I made it
Relationships might last longer if people continued doing the things it took to get the person in the first place.
The Challenge of Going Vegan
ITS GOOD TO BE BEAUTIFUL ON THE OUTSIDE.., BUT ITS EVEN BETTER WHEN U ARE BEAUTIFUL ON THE INSIDE !!!~
Someone come rub this BUNYUN for me , So I REALLY KNOW IT'S REAL !
The Avengers was Great!
tryin to holla at all the girls. Reminds me of the dudes who hang out on the back row at church!
#UFConFOX now its time for Jim Miller to #DoWork on Diaz
God, Family, then my crew, then my career, then whatever.
what on earth? Amazing.
Nice to see TaRhonda Thomas anchoring tonight.
not fighting.. Just tweeting... Peace out!
Is it just me or did Nike start making thicker headbands for lebron?
It is better to have thought you had two days off in a row and not had than to never have felt like you'd never escape your job...right?
frog strangling lol I like that
OU sweeps Baylor; the craziness continues! National Top 8 Seeds shake up again!!
TY new followers
lol you'll be fine as long as you're not a complete idiot
heading over to visit Kimberly @ Simply Desserts to pick up some sweet treats for a birthday cookout this afternoon!
well shanks
email me a few tracks: Interviewed you on 6th street during SXSW
I LOVE YOU HUGE FAN! please follow me your amazing and gorgeous! I LOVE YOU AND YOU WHOLE FAMILY XXOOX
best timeout entertainment so far; 's Justin Beiber freak out during clippers game. Too funny!
we'll do a pool party soon.
HAHA nice song choice! I laughed and smiled throughout the while video! Thank you for making me happy everyday! :D <3
RT : What you believe affects what they achieve. - Brian Souza on Management and coaching.
Let me guess, things you hear when you read minds?...LOL
Two things I'm obsessed with: Lamps and Throw Pillows :-)
Thanks For Following Doll! I Followed Back (: xx
Remind me again. Why are we supposed to care about Jessica Simpson?
YOU DON'T GET OUT OF SCHOOL FOR THANKSGIVING TILL THE 23RD BOY!! NOT THE 18TH
someone already made it rain up in here!
Hate is only a sign of weakness, but showing love is powerful.. even towards your enemies!
AMAZING 6 hours in the studio...
LOL YEA U CN GO! ONLY IF YOU KEEP YA WORD LOL
nice! Jr smith rt me
unfortunately. Gotta iron da khakis...
Thanks! Glad you stopped by! Hope we can meet at the next Austin Bloggers function :)
why not
burger joint lol good food so I've heard
Your term as Mayor was short Darcy, we would love to have you back!
Biz Kid$ Real did an AWSOME job at the Public Market Yesterday. We sold 50 Juices!!!!! YAYYYYYYYYY!
I dont give a fuck im still gonna call him mike stanton
what u up too
20 days of school left until summer break!! But, who's counting?!?
so many stories mrs!!! X
most logical rational sports writer out there, He gets it! I wonder if a hater gets more hits or gregg doyel, i bet the hater
Beat THE Heat BuckS
Hey , what's the point of calling ahead 20 minutes before I pick up a pizza only to make me wait another 15 minutes?
this is why we can't have nice things!
Because there's nothin better than church<33
The hole between two seatbelts...where pacifiers go to die! Lol
#truth RT : #Bears fans need to temper expectations. Bad OL, very tough division. 10 wins may not equal playoffs
Frappichino happy hour :) just what I need!
my fave: the one where bender falls for the planet express ship, as voiced by sigourney weaver.
The kid that likes me just brought me cigarettes then walked away like a sad puppy. I feel kinda bad
Bubble baths >>>
unfortunately no.They will however help u impress the ladies & help you on the search 2 find the future mrs Gav
“: i think needs to come meet us in myrtle beach this weekend :D” Uggghhh I'm jealous
I'm a new principal at Iowa Connections Academy. Pleased to add you to my PLN. Recommended by
We are closed tonight due to a private party. You can enjoy our delightful food tomorrow.
the baby is growing fast and we are all adjusting. Looking forward to the holiday! Good to here from you! Hows your clan?
Done with all of my classes. Just two more papers and I'm free!
Lets go
Gettin ready for rehearsal with
lol im going to watch in a min.
you need someone? I could watch her. Does she like trashy reality TV or movies w/explosions where evry1 dies?
Thank you :-)
Dad is coming for the Brewers game tomorrow and he's more excited about getting the next morning.
It's an interesting morning trading the S&P500 emini futures. Yahoo - just scored another one! There are 7 secrets to success in this game.
311 plus infinity
hi so glad we are together on cool music!!
#FEDUP - RECAP - DEM's talking bout ANNUAL DEFICIT (Yr's Mtg Payment) -- GOP talking bout NAT'L DEBT (Total Mtg). Apples/Oranges! Ask About!
Hi Mo, Thanks for sharing information on my book! If you are interested in reading it, please message me your mailing address. - MAP
Feeling wide awake today, this testing shit better not get me sleepy.
What to you think if I write you that i love you??.. i write it cuz u dont see that tweet.. in other way.. I admire you
I'll trade for some advil?
Oh girl said she loved the tats
This #FollowFriday check out - Then stop by the store for a frozen treat!
Go follow :]
Wow, try using the new on a netbook - complete #FAIL - header is too big - I can barely read articles
Just turned in my Ruby on Rails final exam for fall semester 2011. I had to do it in Rails 3.0.10 (current as of then). My how times fly.
Look for a Texas Americana music festival coming to the San Antonio/Texas hill country in the near future. Good stuff!
I was thinking Pete Campbell would scatter his brains or Roger would have a heart attack while fucking some chick...
When I'm mad, I always tweet "dumb."
Team 83 really does
have you tried just turning off notifications in the app settings? If I hadn't done that, I would've had to delete FB/Foursquare.
if that's what you call flirting , you need some practice seriously though !
Just wanted to say a quick "Hello" to everyone at the Nebraska Asphalt Paving Conference in Kearney!
love you to.
ALL MY ARTIST THAT use twitter & facebook. hit us up 2 get a free profile on #HOUSTONNIGHTOUT.com. info w/ name, #, & email
Hey everyone check out www.todaysfavoritetoys.com we have all your favorite toys at the lowest prices!
Tweeps, does anyone know about any digital history projects on agriculture?
Hockey night with some gangsters
Forget Happy Hour, it’s Gourmet Hour now
Time for a new mattress? 34 convenient locations for you to check out our new line of #Simmons mattresses!
Im sorry and you are _____? And this is regarding _____? If you don't show respect, sir, I shall have my #minions escort you out
how was it last night? I passed out while doing laundry ;( gonna come through next week tho
morning rush and not unusual for us to wait over 30 minutes for an EXPRESS bus we pay $5.50 for!
Just wait until Alex Smith underthrows his first pass in his direction for Moss to lose interest and become disengaged
oh no:(. Time to get serious on air quality
follow and please :D x77
Auditioned for my first Christmas commercial of the year today. Then walked out to my car where it was 98 degrees.
Broadcasting live from Mo's Irish Pub downtown this morning for St Patty's, holy drunk peeps already!
Songwriter/Singer(North Philly)R&B Debut Album So Sin Cere distributed by Island Def Jam Available on itunes,Nokia(Ovi),Amazonmp3,Napster
About 69 percent of our trash goes immediately into landfills. And most landfill trash is made up of containers and packaging. Wait for it..
RT : Q3. What is your favorite place to do some people-watching while working out?
Gave up on red line and drove to work.
If thats true that is terrible!
Preaching the B credo! Thanks RT: You have to be exceptional yourself. ;)
The 2011 movie #Tyrannosaur is now on Netflix instant!! It's a MUST see!
Thanks for all the RT's
awkward. Love that word. Looks like its definition.
Toddlers have toys, Kids have bookz, Tweens have Facebooks, Directioners have Twitter.
Instant gratification is no comparison in regards to a long term fulfillment.
and for Best everything WhitneyMnM
Yay for finding Clawdius! GET THAT CAT A BELL! (and a microchip - they do it uber-cheap at MADACC)
That is an offensive foul or nothing
that's like telling journalists to disclose their unnamed sources in articles
didn't catch this, thanks Mr. James
The first year after college is when you figure out who your lifetime friends are. 99% of ppl who say they'll keep in touch, don't.
Why is it that the Digital Humanities panels at MLA are packed and rockin', but @ ASECS everyone seems vaguely depressed?
I Don't Want to Miss a Thing - Aerosmith
yo, having another "be the host" contest? Still think got robbed. <<<--Agreed.
Arthur Bryant burnt ends ... Yum!
So i guess treatin you right is not enough
Good luck to the eat local restaurants participating in Rockabilly Chili today! List includes
😖awful stomach ache from that dinner ... Feel like I might puke
hello hello hello avril
Agreed, very sad about Whitney. What a waste.
Pre game speech is over, hour and half until game time. Boys look ready to battle the Gophers!
Thanks, Martin. You too!
nice, they called trout up? have him patiently waiting on my bench. Abreu is crying somewhere, fuck him haha
"The loudest critique of was that it was not useful" - responded saying, "neither is ice cream"
Wonderful practice last night. A big thank you to Aline for stopping by, and jamming with us!
All I see is Bieber Tourways on the back of a bus but then I see on the side of the bus Carl R. Bieber Tourways. It's still funny though :P
What it do
Really amazing work. The API works beautifully. Thank you for putting it on github!
thanks! located in Seattle WA
My fav thing about Phoenix are the cacti and joshua trees!
#linsanity!!! Let it never end!!!
I have to say: Madden '11 on the iPad-- kinda awesome.
Wondering if anyone actually uses Google Adwords for development and designing websites.
It's always fun singing with my sis love you guys
PLEASE FOLLOW ME AND We love you and RNG :) It would mean so much if your did! ;) <3
I've got a justin.b 2012 calender and now that some months have been I'm wondering if ishould cut them out or wait till dec RT if ishould nw
Oh...I've had my experiences and they certainly regretted their actions in the long run :) It's the stereotypical egos.
I was going to tell you your hair looked great at meeting today! All I do in the front of the room is creep on my sisters.
The Bear likes now: "Play '[In] Rainbows', Daddy! '[In] Rainbows'!
See first that the design is wise and just; that ascertained, pursue it resolutely. -William Shakespeare
The feeling is mutual. You're very smart & I always like hearing what you're up to. See you at I'm excited for it.
- SOUNDS GOOD. WILL PUT IT IN MY WISH LIST.
It just hit me I GRADUATE TOMORROW
The things that happen in Miami at 2:00 am smh
RT 3 LA teachers suspended for giving children pictures of OJ Simpson, Dennis Rodman, RuPaul to carry in Black History Month parade
Beautiful painting and message
good try it was writing down hwat to say in a script and using it
There's a bunch of great restaurants and bars within walking distance from #astd2012! Ask us before you're forced to eat at a chain!
super proud to see my boys at spling all grown up
predators in an upset
Thannnkss. Sorry bout that my coach was getting me mad :/
Tickets now available!!!!! 3 Shows this week!!! Pick one!!!! Let get a record deal Az!
What is your name?
life is hard.
Sales help wanted. Individuals to sell advertising on Libicard.com. Long Island area. Earn 25 percent on each sale! Email
Trivia Night at Applebee's with Time to dominate again.
Idaho: Coyotes crush Carroll in NAIA nationals opener
I haven't had a free spirit like this in a while, sucks I have to return to Cali without my best friend :(
Wasn't bothered since all was so theatrical. The street locations seemed in her spirit & heightened the danger she intended.
We'd love to make it down there soon! Thanks for the kind words. Let us know when you visit #Albuquerque!
Two good rides in Oelwien IA this weekend, Great pics but AT&T sucks so they will upload on the ride/drive home when my phone works again.
Thanks to GKV () for opportunity to work on the presentations.
The help desk woman at Continental Airlines was so nice that I only want to fly with them now. What happened to other customer service a ...
lls well thats down right disrespectful
how r u this evening sweety and the fam??
well why can't we just be quite and listen to the music?Thats what i would do...:)
Rude ass teacher!!
no matter what happens to you in life, remember it goes on
I'll be amazed if I don't go for a third cup by the end of the day cc:
Tomorrow's project, shoot only with the Holga HL-C (except for the one commercial shoot).
- Sure thing, no problem! I also started following you on Soundcloud...I'm danielson06 on there.
RT : Spoke with cop friend yesterday who loves #OccupyWallSt. "Overtime guarding harmless kids is paying my mortgage."
Beautiful day in Portland. Love this city!
right here
never put a closer in a tie game!
good! How's school?
there is nothing more entertaining on twitter than
people are smashing watermelons today.... Why?
possibly the most demented thing I've heard in 47 days.
Team me !
That makes two of us, my friend! You're awesomeness has done wonders!! =D We need to get you on film!
Finally leaving work. Argh.
I told the guys to give you a headsup so you didn't lose it! It may have some $$ but text MIP Plus to 121 (I think) 2 add
Is Lady Gaga crying?
Thank you for the recent RTs!
LOVE YOU TOO MY SISTA!!!! It was so fun!!! I'm sitting here telling my bro about all your movies...that we didn't get to watch.
Off to catch a movie :)
Wish I could've been there to see it!
worse than that is that the liar thinks you are so stupid you don't know you're being lied to
Hey penguins, it would be really awesome if you scored
There seems to be fewer places in the world to be a dictator of a country yet there are many still practicing at the individual level!
Anymore news on the Mets?
notice me out of 20million #BELIEVE 12
are you still in SEA tomorrow?
Going to go watch stupid television. Yes, at 2:40 in the morning. Because is the slowest slow thing to ever slow.
Come on, lol.
watching nyc 22 on cbs so far its pretty good
feel better!
OMG. I know I say Glee is good, like, all the time, but IT IS SO GOOD TONIGHT.
Glad you liked it! Thanks for sharing your experience.
True dat. Punting tonight as well!
good job on the video !! someday I may get into this youtube video thing
That's how we do it, Vinnie-style
Including a reading/signing in New York this Thursday, April 19, 5-7pm
happy friday to you! We are doing well! Happy to finally be open and serving the community delicious meals!!
darts and beer on friday? Call me, you hooker!
Thanks for shortening my tweet, twitter.
I have no idea anymore :(
I've never heard anyone but you say that. And when JB throws himself w/ no chance of getting a shot off hes not very skilled
illusion created by a few people
Looking for a photo agent to represent me, anyone know any good ones to talk too?
have a safe flight! Xo
you too man ;) have a good one
Logic over Emotions...
Hey, look who's in the front row if the student trading card.
S.W.A.G- Someone Who Adores God
WE LOVE YOU!!! EP IS GODLIKE!!
Ugh Nuggets what happened exactly? & poor Bird I'm so sorry.
but good performance
Hate feeling like I have only one choice n career cuz of finances. Life blows.
Be mindful of what you are eating
#amcfearfest .amc and october love i how oh .again halloween watching
I'll get on in a few. :) Running two characters on FFXI right now trying to finish my empy weapon! lol
wish I was going #workobligations I'd rather see an #Indians game its just 4 hrs to! & I work during the time they play
Almost ZUMBAAAA time! Ready to shake my ass to the beat!
I wanna thank god for blessing me
oh, most definitely. I'd hate for you to get sunburned... Anywhere. :P
Hopefully never have to hear any more of the Tebow bullshit again.
I hope today is tomorrow.
Thank you Devils!
i once envied the lives of rap stars. then i got twitter.
Thank you!
I put on different clothes after school and I look better than I usually do, like what the hell happens when I go to school? Lol
i thought the pic were real i really cried omg i canot see u get hurt honey i love u somuch please be careful i would die
Excellent work fielding questions Mary Salas, and Congrats on the endorsement of SDSU College Dems!
MAN DM me random shit..someone entertain me.... Im bored af and im tired...
My mom is out of surgery. She hasn't woke up yet but the doctor said she's fine :-)
I judge my work performance by how dirty I am at the end of the day
HEY BE ON THE LOOKOUT FOR MY UPCOMMING MOVIES''TOUCHBACK,MYCRACKHEAD UNCLE, BUY MY CRACKHEAD UNCLE ONLINE OCT1WWW.MYCRACKHEADUNCLE.COM
#IdiotOverheardAtABar "I hate Chicago. I used to drive from Ohio through Chicago to Milwaukee." (same as previous idiot.)
Everything this nigga says lately... Even back to him talkin shit abt Randy Moss when that was like his mentor.
Dollop on Clarendon in Buena Park - such a cool place. Great super chill atmosphere, nice staff. Love it there!
Chilling at the Caleb Roedel Benefit Show at The Arbor. You should be here. Just bought 's new CD. You should too.
I'm crying and just woke up.... Somebody gone get hurt... Real talk
I see "Holes" on there, so I already know I'll love it. Buying now. :-) Thanks for the recommendation (and the reply!)
Changing people's lives!
I'm really okay with being single on V-Day...I've got a hot date with ! :D
so i spent most morning watching abdc and now im watching the national dance team championship, lets just say its a dance weekend
RT : Hey folks. A new line of storms is forming in west TX and moving towards Oklahoma. Hang on. One more round to go!
Did you miss our free webinar?, not to worry another session will be given April 5 stay tuned for more info
yea juicy
Bad call Lovie not going for that yard. 4 points is not a safe lead! Ugh
or just send them pix of us during the "winter" in LA haha. Drinks soon?
MON HAPPY HOUR @ THE SMILING MOOSE = 1/2 OFF ALL CRAFT/MICRO BEERS, $2 OFF ALL SLIDERS, $1 OFF ALL OTHER DRINKS! GET HERE!
It's happy hour again , come check our newly updated happy hour menu and get out of that nasty rain for a bit.
hurry hurry hurry everyone look outside your window!!!
For the 2nd time in the last year I just saw someone drive off with the gas nozzle still in the car
Still don't like or condone Rush, but if I were in advertising I'd be calling over there to see what kind of rates can be negotiated
hello!!! sending care your way! <3
Less than three weeks in Denver until I head back to San Diego!
This time tomorrow night the #Mavs will still be in the first quarter. Headed to bed to get some early rest.
Aww;( now you made me sad :( follow me to make me happy ;) plz
#EverBeenWithABlackGuy? Skin ain't nothing but a color
RT : I was born to 1 birth mother, but I've been blessed w/ many mothers who helped to shape me as a mother. It takes a ...
Your POSITIVE your going to wear them? I dont want to show up there by myself in shorts and knee socks looking like and idiot
great idea..
Is that like restless leg syndrome but more aerobic?
are u home schooled or something? lol
WE hope so too. :-) Introduction: WE have a great #SocialCommerce platform & a rapidly growing network of small businesses.
Tracked drums yesterday in studio A. Can't wait to re-track guitar and bass for this song.
He said things to me who were not really nice
should've seen it coming
Can't wait to check out the showroom this evening and get some sweet new working man pants.
OH MAN that kid’s covered in Down Syndrome.
Ugh! I have one of those...and it's a dynasty ><
thank you good sir
how u doin? U alright
ahaha lol boy bands have been an old thing since the 60s, and brits coming to america started then
To clarify: The new 52 version of Stormwatch has thus far been about the queer courtship of Apollo & Midnighter w/ some monsters&exposition
It all comes from having an amazing business partner who rocks at the stuff I am no good at!
Want a #lifestyle special vacation 2 nights $200 Caliente Resorts
- it was cooly everybody was coo & shidd
been preaching an #FBombSeries series at our church since Easter. Finishing up next week with Faithulfullness. CRAZY!
Have fun with that! I hope you dont get anything #toogross! :)
I think I listen to too much drake in fact cuz i'm the best you ever you had your friends just mad cuz im the best they never had
people need to know when not to put stuff on the internet. it doesn't just go away
good night x
Consuming a 3rd fudgesicle after eating a bowl of ice cream... I might have a problem.
Good morning. I think a squirrel got into my attic.
It seems to me that the #Clippers play better with EB in the floor!
Need a mammogram? How about a physical? Blood work? It’s all free with healthcare reform!
The work day is flying by. Getting closer to my 3 day weekend!
damn right i'll follow someone named
couldn't agree more.
as you should
RT News confirms veteran television and radio personality Dick Clark has died at 82 >> aww, so sad.
where u at?
Going to 76th and rawson late tonight!
Was nice to see my boys, today. And nice to meet
Bummer. RIP RT : yikes
I kno, sucks for u
cry for me like you use to do when I go :)
"If you want to find heroes, find them in the communities where people are still fighting for the American dream." att. to
Funny How People Don't Like To Kiss But You Will Use Your Mouth For All Kinds Of ORAL PLEASURE
LA Story style?
Ready to go back to Boston
#WhatAYear Alot of Ups and Downs.A lot of Losses and gain Lets see what 2012 has in store for me.
so , i guess the Trending Topic on Facebook Is FUCK GOD . -.- # People Piss Me The FUCK OFF !
Looking to go green? Purchase your Clear2Go bottle w/ filter at your nearest select Albertsons!
. U guys are the cutest, matching! :)
Live as if you were to die tomorrow. Learn as if you were to live forever. ~ Mahatma Gandhi
where are you?
I've been thinking some about your "missionary" comment. I come from a long line of missionaries. Judge if you want. +
MT : 1st black president-Health care reform-DADT-Bin Laden-DOMA- Equal pay-Same-sex marriage endorsement. Best prez, ever?!
At the hospital with my sister in law waiting for my nephew to come out
(See every adaptation of Great Gatsby ever for examples)
If u havent heard say something yet, pls do. Bcos u'll be missing out bitches.
Can not express how thankful I am for everyone that helped w/ Gala! The MOST AMAZING VOLUNTEERS EVER! THANK YOU!!!!!!
I can't stand that
It's sad when ignorance becomes law. Shame on you North Carolina.
"I'm not missing the Chili Peppers if Jesus Christ was playing opposite." sucks to be AVICII
people in tonight's studio audience of idol got Idol tour tickets
That looks like fun. Is this an annual event or just a one off event?
Is back at the hospital with Gram...woo. Dear migraine, go away.
Do you guys want some red oak for the center brace, I have a bunch leftover from the messed up sides.
Mostly basics: Be honest, transparent. Have a goal. Stick to relevant platforms. RT : Share the tips, if you can
For real tho! And then theres those people who don't even know who he is -.-
Meanies at the airport didn't let me take my contact solution...hmph.
hey, your mollies cousin?
Perhaps u should take advantage of the nearest pillow.
Is there a guy whom you have said thousands of times you'd give up but you never did?
Why leave...I'll stream views of Hawaii!
Finally got a new phone!!
I've never actually priced picture books of the #academic variety...will have to search Amazon just to be informed :)
Thank you for following. I am sending you a direct message shortly. Take care.
Just sitting here watching RT or follow or tweet people and im sitting here like #foreveralone :/
I wanna go to a tractor pull this summer. They are surprisingly entertaining
where did you get this? "There is a huge gap between reality and its possible representations..."? Anyone? Speaks to my soul.
You Got To Sang Along.
Movie Review: Girl In Progress
white and liquidy i get it
S/O To Floyd Mayweather he right about Lin Espn blowing him up. Kevin Durant and D Rose didnt get credit like that the 1st season Lin 5games
H&M sunglasses i bought in Sweden? Made in China.
Going to get a will at the ripe old age of 28. This is kind of depressing.
#Sushi happened tonight. We were dealing with withdrawal symptoms:-))
Thoughts and prayers are with the family of Jr Seau. Gone way too early. Crazy I just saw him in Nashville a few weeks ago...
I have my girlfriend for that, sir.
P was sent home today and is suspended from school tomorrow for punching another student in the throat while playing "ninja" with eachother.
did you see 's keek? Omg i feel so bad for her!!
Lmfao we are literally horrible.
it's the new black
She loves me, she loves me not, she loves me, she loves me not. She loves me!
so good! And it was with the manager of the store, she's super chill and hilarious! So it was awesome!!
ha! Ill always be one in my heart!
haha wow this is not where I expected this conversation to be going
Hey everyone check out !! Buy their strings! We support them and so should you!
They say the first step to recovery is to admit you have a problem, here goes....
we're cuteq.
1 of my favs. I read this to my son's flag f-ball team who lost in 2nd round of playoffs Fri. We had a heck of a party tho!
Good thing I can think rationally.
Woo officially going to Warped!!!!
Hello Monday, new followers & old tweeps! "All life is an experiment. The more experiments you make the better."
RT : God is doing more in you and through you then what life is trying to do....to you.
": Minnesota's weather is like Niall picking his favorite food. #MinnesotaProblems"
cnn just reported 3.6% up for holiday season...that's great!....
everybody to have the 21 in their pic, either on a piece of paper or with their hands it doesn't matter :)
if you have his number text him or call him :o i could try and go earlier but it's not guaranteed.. Lol
Those strike me as wise sentiments. Thanks.
As a Brewers fan, I grieve for you having to endure Ned Yost.
I am ready to fix me some Gourmet Hot Cocoa! I love having my own gourmet coffee, tea, and hot cocoa!
someone's mad abt something, someone else is overly sensitive abt something & someone is being a douche, typical twitterday
haa i went up to ricardo and talked to him i told him tell jc hi for me
Finally moved into my new place and I love it!! :) Anyone want to help me unpack?
. we love them since they are so cute! I want to give them a hug :)
Nice one!
Don't tell me a prollem and expect me not to have my opion and then be hard up bout my opion. My opion don't matterso why b hard up.
Amy Wilkins Event: There has been educational malpractice directed at students of color and kids in need
Fifteen more minutes. Why does time move so slowly?
good seeing you too Jenny! It will be a fun night for sure!!
maybe they'll be fresher, if they just get in and play. lol
what's the point in creating a Science Direct user account if I can't save individual articles for later?
Luxurious & sensual, sheer materials elevate the style of any room, Hunter Douglas line, you'll find 100's of sheer fabrics to choose from.
Great website, great idea,
Performing at the annual 420 rally fundraiser tonight @ Casselmans, doors @ 7 come through & smoke one with your boy! Play It Through 21+
#ThatAwkwardMoment when you let something slip out your mouth, and there's no taking it back
No bullshit - Chris brown : FAVORITE SONG EVER❤
Did you go out and protest for May Day???? Anything interesting happen in SC?
haha true, I took it easy on him though since he is still in the league (on my celts, injured but was better than i thought
your tweets are so deep right now! 👍
Daryl Dragon turns 69 today. He's the Captain in Captain and Tennille. He has some neurological condition now. Sad.
I LOVE the promo!
good I cleaned my room did some laundry and got some head
thx for following!
On my way to see mom. :)
Movie time then golf!
I before E except after C
Met a female dragon had a fire conversation
#yournotfromphilly when you say water, instead of wooter.
I hope yur wrong, cuz if yur right, we're basically screwed.
cross pollination has begun! thank you social media networks of networking!
Appreciate it!
The Big Duck Fan has 40 racks of ribs ready...
Amy-"I can like see parts of my life in my head" Devyn-"they're called memories..."
Coworkers walking up and down the hall with buckets and towels... do I want to know?
Another exciting day away from the boredom that goes by the name Roanoke
great! What time should I meet u there?
address please!
I need my sweat pants and my iron and bow...can you give them to me on Monday?
darn! I was hoping #grammys were so bad it would have had opposite effect. Apology accepted.
Great to finally meet you irl too!
I just saw Bill Cosby pick his wedgie. Oh boy!
I'm dying I'm dead
Nebraska? You into self-punishment?
Hey, it's mother's day, so you're supposed to be right about everything today anyway :)
#sonsofanarchy seems like a cheery thanksgiving day..
I enjoy shaving with my electric razor to the beats of electronic music.
me too smh
Going to South Beach soon? Read about our waterlogged vacay on MTB!
Derek, you are very welcome! Looking forward to reading and sharing your tweets. Have a great weekend.
In my best Daniel Bryan voice: "Yes! Yes! Yes!" “: Anyone praying that Florida State does indeed leave the ACC for the Big-12?"
To live in truth you have to become forgiveness.
Morning is rough... I sleep then. And I will, trust me.
your welcome :D
RT : Being money hungry is great but being money hungry and you not willing to go get it yourself makes me not wna fuck witcha.
i would never lie to you Nikie like that ex best friend you told me about who would like criticized u on our hero
loved your radio time today, good to hear real opinions...keep it real
LoL... he's been stalling for 30 minutes... I'm curious what he's planning to do for the next hour and a half.
The big question is "How do we fix the housing market"??? Ask me and I will show America how. This is what my presidential campaign about
wow bro stop her, she better not be trying to commit suicide again >.>
It's Friday! Get out there and make today fabulous!
Just heard Andre 3000 will be playing a role as "Jimi Hendrix" in a movie "awesome"!!!!
Dendreon DNDN stock up +7.50% for us today. Nice profits! Stock market experts baby!
Long but productive day
Larry Heideldidder of Miami Beach is gonna love this episode.
I'm reading Life as We Knew It, rec'ed by two of my 7th graders. Love it. Makes you wonder what you would do if the world may/may not end.
Haha it's okay:P I'll forgive just this once;)
I freaking hate waffle house.
fantastic work on Mazscara! Are you thinking of a print version? Nice looking comic.
Sounds wonderful. We hope you have a good one :)
It's really fun reading but make sure you clear your weekend.
All I can think about is getting a new tattoo to celebrate 2012!! Maybe a quote, or a tiger since I was born in the year of the tiger :)
We don't even get direct deposit. Hell we can't even keep our tips because its "against company policy"
To be fair, longtime Onion fans said the same thing when it left Madison/moved to New York
TR talking about citation analysis, more links between #strataconf and #Beyondthepdf waiting for the big data part...
My friend on telling me he's getting divorced: "you let a girl put beads up your ass and you think it will last forever." Really????
#AskBieber justin can i please marry you ok thanks<3
We recorded it at Limestone. I'm not being suggestion boy, but I suggest we get F&H wings to go!
it's fine
goodbye! spanish and language arts!
Merry Christmas & Happy Holidays to all that celebrate it!!!
#idol - Jessica has stunning vocals. Very strong showing.
Araabmuzik didn't even show I'm out of here
Sad news indeed. Though I can't say this will change my eating habits.
hey I just joined Twitter to my photo bucket account
what happened to us skypeing today?
#YouWereCuteUntil you lied about your age.
Whats up... How much more school do you have left.
Such a terrible day! Im in a terrible mood and people are pissing me off!
'd take Jeffery over both of them.
.im glad your feeling better...dm
Redeemed Girls, remember Proverbs 31:25 today, "She is clothed with strength and dignity, and she laughs without fear of the future."
+ some biking in between, right? RT :next semester...20 hrs including metaphysics, existentialism, & 2 rhetorical theory courses
And I'm all about the road trip! Id prob have to sneak in tho, from what you've told me, it sounds like they've met their quota lol
new to twitter :$
FREE $10 Rockies-125 off to an early lead!
Did you know?! "Borborygmi is the noise that your stomach makes when you are hungry." YOU'RE WELCOME!
Seriously bought to launch my phone for not cooperating with me. ...
and so it starts.... the constant pointless instagram pictures flooding in from people who don't know what they are doing
false, KU fans don't follow that football game. #whoswinningthematch?
I'm listening to Wnur, 89.3 and they are playing some really good underground music.
...or: Real Re-Animated Wax Corpses Who Feast on Each others Flesh and Their Soulless Daughters....of Texas
& DJ Double O killed it tonite at Lalo's UIC. Thank you to all who came out and ripped it on the dance floor. Till next week Mi Gente...
Sure...what do you got? you could email hello(at)massrelevance(dot)com
Lil' homey is sick again. This time its two ear infections and strep...
Ed's need 4 impassioned, innovative, thoughtful newcomers= yes; grief/wariness about what is here/coming=?. If in 4 fight-yes!
well get on that thang ride
I was born to be somebody, ain't nothin that's ever gonna stop me. I'll light up the sky like lighting <3
RT : Anyone make high quality t-shirts with custom graphics? I am taking bids for a project
how was gym
How do you fight it? How do you just ignore it? How do you just let it go? Is it even possible?
did you hear about the fight after we left?? Lol
would love to know how we could help further. Skype call sometime? ^
those bracelets are pretty flipping sweet! (: you guys should totally checkout and follow also! (: xoxo
S/O to all the women playing y'all position.
This excuse has been used by myself several times. I'll be out today or late, I woke up dizzy (I suffer from vertigo).
GOD always has something for you, a key for every problem, a light for every shadow, a relief for every sorrow & a plan for every tomorrow.
B.B. Blues prepares to read you "The History of the Apocalypse."
acting douchy is a specialty some would say I've perfected :)
How about we freeze an Orchid and unceremoniously smash it to pieces to show virginal girls what its like to be rid hard and put away wet.
I can't find your email. my email is
They are just words made creatively!
I cut ALL my hair off!
He's started 11 of 12 May games, I'd say that's pretty much every day.
Happy Birthday ! We are getting nutty tn.
: ... Hey ! ... Hope to see at the party on Tuesday, June 14th at Sky Bar ... ” Yeap, I"ll b there!
Glad you're going back bud! I just recovered from the cold/flu. Really bad one this year! Learn motor cycle racing yet?
I'm from New York. Hbu? & cool. I've been a janet fan since I was 3yo & a MJ fan since I was 10yo. I'm 18 now. how old r u?
Oh!! Thank you so much! I know you are going to enjoy it. Just remember, Jasmine is not crazy. She's in love.
same here....damn you, skinny girls ;)
I can't do bad deeds lmao . I feel so mean
Thanks you can send it to vreeland[at]yext[dot]com
I'm slowly becoming a Broncos fan! Go Tebow!!!
#VEVOnewfront. now the sell to advertisers begins. crazycool stat. Katy Perry video on VEVO gets same viewers in week as episode of 'Glee'.
good look lil bruh!!! Means a lot no doubt!!!
Just read your great article about Batman. Definitely made me think about my favorite hero and why I find him interesting.
I am following you!
Only put off until tomorrow what you are willing to die having left undone.- Pablo Picasso
we could all do a hangout in google+ perhaps?
Swagg champ I got the BELT!!! That SnapBack with the snake skin you damn right I'm feelin myself!!!
Hope your Tuesday is rocking along! Love those images on Instagram. A study of harbor life.
RT : Q1) How would you describe Learning on Demand?
I'm so jealous right now ...
I touched on this once before. I think baseball is the softest sport ever. What other outdoor sport shuts down because of a little rain?
Looking forward to seeing you on This Week on ABC this morning. Miss your fearless perspective.
Why do u go there so long?? & When are u leaving for there?
Just read your "advice" THANK YOU! Molly, you always inspire me! I am pursuing writing actively lately.
What a crezy night I'm drunk as guck lol
This page will be shutting down. Follow for more information on the Derrick Mason and Le'Ron McClain camps.
Who likes to party!!! I like to party!!!!
It is someone at Marie Robinson. I've seen her there before, and she has gone to the same woman for years.
I don't like louisiana drivers!
Email me at I'd love to set up an interview! :)
- TY doll! Follow me for #celebritystyling & #fashion-tips! Xox
I can certainly respect that...
well all my natural hair sisters may be out of this giveaway.
A video with a message is good. A well created video with a message is the best.
Getting a good start on a beautiful day. I'm happy as I can be and am ready to greet birds and bees. I'm happy!
I know right?! I got more tanned though :P haha
I'm responsible? Umm....
"My Klout score is 75 - Kim Kardashian is my friend on Facebook"..Klout's clearly wrong, that should obv reduce your score ; )
i'm busy, avengers you'll have to wait
Congrats to on , and good luck in the opener tomorrow!
I'm in love with "Baby" by justin bieber, he is simply amazing.
listenin to music :)
I be the one that they love to mention
Definitely in the minority!
": I should be a producer for ESPN... Obviously" you wish..giants fans are not allowed
I suspect the entire thing works better as a long journal article than stretched out to an improbable 250ish pages
Ayyy when you comin back out?? You was my fav artist of 08!
Breitbart once told me and several hundred others to "go to hell", it looks like he beat me there.
Those times where you lay in bed at night thinking about the past and what you should have done other than what you really did
Yes but only For 2Q March Results, Below on June Guidance RT Apple Beats Expectations
you can start with the one dan bought me! it's all yours!
um can someone get me to like 500 followers by mentioning me... I'll mention you back. !
A sense of shame & a fear of getting caught as necessary emotions for Congress, via Mike Klein at
HAHAHAHAHAHA MY MOM ASKED ME IF was bypolar i said no thts just his FRAND personality X)
awwrhh were growing with you know there off proud mahomie how far you've come..<3
Ah that makes more sense ;-) phew. We were very worried there for a moment!
easy Ms. Perfect.
I love when i take a test and know that i got a #100%
On my way to Madison....mad at my boo.....ugh
is checking out the latest baseball news
Can't get to NO from Jpn but someone represent at Science of Hotsauce!
Awesome day at #SXSW today. Met authors: , , and Also ran into several #sxswsea folks.
Probably not, but I haven't read that much about it before, only a little.
Well son of a gun—I just won an Android tablet!
a who won
My parents annoying . -.-
On our way to get in the studio with
'I know my chickens' Mario Alberghini.
To you as well! : #HappyHumpDay TYVM for following
But at the end of the day, it's all about screen rez for me, and the Lumia's screen looks cheesy compared to the mighty Retina.
Video: on restoring the economic security of middle class Americans. #Obama2012 OFA.BO/ijTVb7
Definitely! Lots of good ones this year too.
Plus, the sight of Our Hero can be intoxicating.
You're crazy.
i'm going to! :D
LOUD!!! We making noise tonight.
My nigga man...I owe him a couple favors lol.
Would it be wrong to plan an "OccupyBrooklyn" event that involves having a bunch of people over to my apartment to clean it for me? Discuss.
producer and artist..dj a lilttle...hope your liking these tracks
#MUBB plays the winner of a play-in game?
Dolphin with my girls <3
much better, thank you.
I LOVE root beer but not the stuff that they sell now, which is made out of vanilla.
Ugh, we need rain in Texas. My heart goes out to those that lose their homes in the wildfires. So much bad going on in the world today
The 2012 Pro Football Draft is starting anytime and we'll have it at Currant today! Anyone know who will get the 3rd pick?
RT : The song "Ordinary World" in your earphones turns ANY moment into a cheesy breakup scene.
Haha close enough! But I guess not really since we don't look like each other and Wyatt is like 6 feet taller than me (:
I didn't. Resisting the urge to do so now. I need my blood pressure.
Hiya Kim!
People asks me what inspires me? My response Curiosity and Observations am curious about people & everything I see and observe them intently
Lol u know its true ..so does everyone else RT lOl
Jus got done with a good workout watching the game
I need a hug :(
how many pairs of cowboy boots does Paul own?
Congrats on the audition! :)
posting pregnant photos of yourself is not cute at all.
You will probably gain an entirely new follower base.
Hey #Belltown, looking for a chill place to have a cocktail? We've got you covered... Stop on in.
SHE ABOUT TO BE MADD.... LMAO!!
good luck this weekend!
its decided, im becoming a boxer
Happy mothers day to all you mothers out there :)
Thank you!! for choosing for your event!!!We hope to see all of you soon!
Sign up for an appointment with our Job and Career Resource Assistance Center! Need help finding a job or building your resume? Let us help!
? for '11: how will ball travel in new TD Ameritrade Park? Could it be a Pitchers' park? Ball jumped in the Blatt!!
No, I downloaded the trial and then put in that came from adobe licensing
basketball play was good, it's hurting now.
after seeing the long ash I think it is a Nadi.
; i will :) come over after work , so we can do more of those workouts .
: Thanks, one day soon your statement will be really true!
Maybe the atheist cannot find God for the same reason a thief cannot find a policeman. ~Author Unknown
RE: gift shop merchandise on pinterest- depends on museum rules
Annoying ass ppl <
Will you please have someone in your entourage change your Facebook fan page url please?
middle fingers up to
If you MISSED the results, here you go! >
Tacos for lunch.
Tonight the MEGA million jackpot is $118 million!
Just subscribed to the and downloaded the iPad and iPhone apps. Never thought I would read on them but am liking the apps.
MYACT angels class...they have improved so much!
Most surprising part of the article. But yeah, the elves had to delve deep to find the balrog, right?
Glad to hear it.
Fresh out of Reindeer sausage today but come try a Pork n Pineapple sausage w chips and drink only $5.00
Erykah Badu is killing "what cha gonna do" at in Jacksonville. ATL get ready this Friday and Saturday!
Art develops cultures and brings about new perspectives. It strengthens understandings!
Congratulations on Parenting Magazine! Thank-you dor the follow!
": I'm 18 years old and out of high school #hopoff" well arent you cool?
Feature Fragrance Friday! What's your Black Friday scent?
call me back
. I keep a credit card swiper in my backpack and charge $2.99/minute to talk. And yes, I'll do "adult chat".
when does csi miami return
I have extremely limited usefulness. I can't help you pick someone up but can probably sometimes get you free Pinkberry.
Yinz guys going to the meeting tonight?
aunt edna always told me "keep making that face and it'll get stuck like that"...
Forte doesnt like it get a real job! The economy has gone to hell and he cryin bye
Smoking Session!!
I like how #SaySomethin is trending worldwide! Did we even try to trend that?
Listening to the sound check for #excited whoever iznt here?!?!!? Sux4u
We are activating online Gift Card ordering for special occasions this month. For the time being however, phone orders only. Sorry.
RT : New bookmark: Problem-Based Learning in K-12 Education: Is It Effective and How Does It Achieve Its Effects?...
Great article. I've been thinkin about my "unfinished" since divorce & this inspires me.
uploading the video now! great playlist too :P
Easy now, Grasshopper. I love Durantula, too, but LBJ has been playing UNREAL ball all season. Going to be a sweet Finals.
One of you got me, the other Ms America.
oh fun fun stuff bird :) im so excited that your still wanting to go there
Take the day off tomorrow. You'll want to watch Episode 1 of "Terrible People" over and over.
This is a really cool idea...considering writing my own post :)
Epidsode 2 of the Podcast is shaping up...more news as it develops!
I like it when you call me big papa
Prom they should play "First Dance" PERFECT <3 right?! Haha
Thanks for the mention!
Grr, not being able to drive sucks, gonna miss out on seeing tonight. ><
Skool later uqh-__- smh This better be a qood first day b/c last year was f*cked up
Many of the reviewers I trust online are folks I've met through Twitter, then connect with on Goodreads
Don't marry a man to reform him - that's what reform schools are for.
Someone stole my garage can. What the hell, I understand we're in a recession but bro come on
Crow has such a good curve ball
The downtown parking garage where I park was noticeably more empty than a a normal Monday.
You seriously need to call me and tell me what's going on with you and your mom.
2012 is the year I can tweet #RCTID and not look like a poser anymore! 20 days til moving day!
Category 19-F winner is Brad Hicks WITI
Have you not been watching House? D:
A while ago? RT : (386): At what point in my life did a night that has strippers, belly dancers, tequila and a midget become "average"?
I look damn good ;)
These multicolored lights going off on the front of Aria make it kind of difficult to fall asleep!
quote of the day: "The men who have succeeded are men who have chosen one line and stuck to it."
making a banging track is one thing. technology has gotten to the point that ppl can keep stuff in tune.
ladie on man on fire was slappin people like duck duck goose lmbao my dad dumb haha
babe I wuvv you 🌟
So far so good. Life's life. (; Thanks. :)
Got to listen to the entire album yesterday and it sounds great! Can't wait for the official release.
Actually I've heard the band in that picture and they are terrible.
Cause the man from Mars is thru with cars he's eating bars yeah wall to wall door to door hall to hall He's gonna eat 'em all Rapture
I can't read minds. I can't see through steel.
It's New Year's Eve. I'm all about the babble!
good luck ! Not that you need it though(:
Life is not waiting for an ACE-Life is playing the hand you were dealt- InSpotter app
Well he's a bad boy, but it feels good though.
Coming up on #nightbeat...latest details on Clayton Co. schools decision not to cut athletics and fine arts + reaction from students.
So happy for !! Glad things turned out for the best!!
cheesecake factory sounds like a sexy idea.
Marketing ROI matters more than size. Congrats to recognized as top B2B small shops !
oh i tweet a lot
What is your current favorite song on your workout playlist? What really gets you going?
Appropriately symbolic. :^)
will you be providing live tweets for those who can't attend?
laying in bed bored af
My broker actually has a "Countdown Clock" on my financials news page to the Facebook IPO...2 Days 14 Hours! Alas, I'm $250,000 short!
Agh so fukn tired. Work sux i thought it would never end. First one in last one out no break fml. And argued with co workers
FREE Wine Tasting 4-6pm & Open Mic Night 7pm-close tonight at Crush!! Also, Happy Hour is from 4-6pm (1/2 Price Sushi, Wine & Beer!)
I'd say RP (biased choice of course) b/c of expansion into 2 new regions in Jan. & several new regions in the fall
you are preaching to the choir. WE are lucky in the City to have a lot of spots and small wait list but County not so much.
awww its ok!!really its fine!!
I prepare for the worst but hope for the best.
As a Portland fan I now have to either choose the Lakers or the team that eliminated the Blazers? I choose neither.
I don't really wanna talk about it cause every time I talk about it I go off about it.
Any librarians out there have policies on patrons bouncing from computer to computer in rapid succession?
WE LOVE YOU KYLIE WE LOVE YOU KYLIE WE LOVE YOU KYLIE WE LOVE YOU KYLIE WE LOVE YOU KYLIE WE LOVE YOU KYLIE WE LOVE YOU KYLIEE❤
How many things are you refusing to do because you are afraid? I challenge to take action or to say yes to something you're afraid of.
yeah, there's a huge plot twist at the end! Haha :-)
right they made some adjustments since u been gone its much better now
this new Kindle Touch (not the Fire, which is an entertainment device) just might be the thing I need to read and annotate PDFs. I hope
It's a "bottle of Veuve to the head while in my underwear" kinda day
Time. To. Edit.
I am 4 Prince truly his music take u places in ur heart mind & soul like no other I have all his albums & I treasure them
Poor attempt from to try to hack my twitter. Better luck next time.
Thanks for that RT - been wanting to use that line for a while! :)
I just met coach Will today. He's more cheerful and cool outside of school on the weekends, than the school days
“: Dear Football Santa: All I want for Christmas in April is RGIII in Cleveland. Thanks in advance.” amen
Unhappy predecessor
If they only come around when they wanna "cum" , then you're better off without them. That's not what makes a relationship.
That post fight hug was just too cute
Adding "tv personality whisperer" to my resume:)
Wouldn't it be fun to be like Daddy Warbucks and to be able to help orphans and others in need?
Ill b ready at 2, sounds good, 3 hours later still waiting. Hate Hate Hate Hate Hate
Thanks for meeting with me, & great work last night. "Lemonade and a Chat" is a great name for a low-key discussion series.
only if you help me find my morals
why the dude who talking on wrestling remind me of the spainsh mouse on loony toon
Get to see in a little bit. (:
I need more people to text..
Why will my body not let me sleep until 4 am or later.
have fun today! :)
Wait wait WAIT. A new song!? ON MOTHERS DAY!?!? YUSSSSS
This week, thousands of parents, students and teachers in Indiana will celebrate National Charter Schools Week. CONGRATS to CH Academy!!
Falling in love can induce a calming effect on the body and mind and raises levels of nerve growth factor for about a year
Boo RT A spokesman for the California lottery said no CA resident held tickets with all six numbers.
Actually it was just my 2G cooking class but hey thanks for helping me out
Drinkin Long Island and smokin Loud anybody wanna join me?
What's that all 'aboot'?
Good Luck BMF
Do dried fruit or nuts spoil? How long after purchase do they go bad?
ITS HOT AS HELL AROUND THIS BITCH
NO I LOST MY VICTORIA SECRETS PERFUME.
“: or take the rest of the day off. jk =p” No...we are making more projects for you!
no kidding. Although at least we didn't hear it much when the flyers played the Rangers this year lol
Can I get a tweet please? It would mean SO MUCH!! But I feel like its IMPOSSIBLE!!
are in da house! poor sloppi just learned she has fuel pump worries-Y DO TRUCKS breakdown a block away? 3rd 1??
I miss The Walking Dead.
Well done! (although, I really don't understand that scale ;) )
When a female says and make u promise "till death does us apart" about a fone call u should run!
Oh yes!
It was more of a collective "we." I have a cap, too!
I was just thinking about posting that 1st one on here but I thought you might die.
"When it is dark enough, you can see the stars." ~ Ralph Waldo Emerson <3
we've got 4 questions for you: 2. Imagine the best possible Charlottesville. Describe it.
be ready for pancakes & maple syrup + hot X buns! shame won't be here in time to come too
let do the interview
Am I the only man that has a tuff time choosing between ass & titts
Hey people! <3
Broken is a great place to start over, not give up.
#followFriday Follow are the best!
Jul that's the joke....
I want to read it
AWESOME PEEP FOLLOW BACK PLEASE!!!!!!
No one followed ):
That's a great tip!
I know! I used to be so sad!:(
I don't think so. Ours are fan-made. When the #NHL does an official #BecauseItsTheCup for LA, they'll post it.
yeah i could of saw him over summer if i wasnt on vacation!!! fml
do it girl i wish i could
thank you
nobody likes an egg
Huntsville. Where are you going? Gulf Shores? Pensacola?
Sound Advice: Using a digital camera as a camcorder - The Republic
It's too bad you didn't cite Javascript. That would have caused me some embarrassment at work.
are you sure?
Get Well Soon
Yeah we can always try but I also need to study hard for my exams so :o Hugs back to you! xoxo
I have a bad mouth I don't give a fuck like it or leave it bitch
I still long for your love.
": getting my twitter up. plz send some follows my way. thanx guys" << YALL GO FOLLOW MY BOY!!! Gettin him up w/ the technology
My phone ap is working now. Only took 10 minutes to load. Now go sell some yummy beer! :)
In Love, one and one are one. Jean-Paul Sartre
Will there be a Minecraft video today?
wondering how you can find your knight in shining armour when you look like his friggin' horse.
S/o to all my new followers:Enter at your own will I ask that you to keep your hands in and strap up for this wild ride
very happy that you found it worthwhile - thanks for participating!
“ GoodMorning Beautiful People....”
Til my last day, til my last breath, of anyone who can I can love you the best 💚
did you get my text? Lol
I'm either going to fly or ruin that families picnic. Lol.
Not quite what I ought 2 be,, not what i want 2 be, not yet what I hope 2 be, but THANK GOD I'm not what I used 2 b!!”
Inadvrtntly made "kissy" noises at a scary man alone in his truck at 1am. A not-scary cat was on the hood & I didnt see man until too late.
check your direct messages:)
Black girls have the worst attitude ever>>>> i wonder why though....wtf is yall problem!!!!
Just because a band/artist doesn't sing the genre you like, doesn't mean they are talentless.
yeah its difficult for you. haha. im ust a lazy ass at times.
I solemnly vow to never drink Narraganset beer again. It's terrible, and I refuse to be a person that pretends to even remotely enjoy it.
Im loving my life no stress
I went from hundreds to thousands
This child made up stories about holiday to hide the fact they were non-existent.
Do me a favor and share my band's link on your Facebook wall!
Very cool to hear! Thanks for sharing, and welcome to the team.
thanks! Big step!
#ThingsILookFor if anybody is tweeting abput
Thanks for the retweet! Have a great day
#cisummit most of the $gains by an average fam in last 10yrs has been eaten up by health care costs
us too! We get there frequently. Enjoy! Give a wink to for me ;)
I miss my bestfriend from my old neighborhood ! I hope me && him get to hang out today!!
2012 Green Bay Packers Draft Picks: Fan’s Reaction
#Brewers fans, stir up some great memories by sharing ur favorite
Best Whiteland Baseball Player Award goes to (:
I recommend some polish dessert.
Time for a day of recording! Can't wait to share our tunes with you folks
In other words, while many titles included are in French, some are also in English.
Knock it out if the park Miss Broadcaster!
Foxy's in Port Washington tonight !!!!!
It is very difficult to leave a man as fantastic as at the crib to go work for 6 hrs on my bday!!
Thats awesome, now I wish I still owned a record player. Probably have 2 go 2 an antique shop 2 get 1
WHAT?!!? lol RT : Oh God Little Jon is back haha
There's still space in Malcolm Lib's Internet Class tomorrow at 10 a.m. Come on in and brush up on your skills! :)
Totally saw you guys at the Nashville show ^-^
“You will not be punished for your anger; you will be punished by your anger
I wud freak the freak out if followd me
Thanks! I can't WAIT!! I'll be sure to tweet you from her. I wonder if it will come through high resolution on your end? ;)
These Animal Cookies >>>
#favwillferrellmoments lol...too easy.. when he's singing for his dad in elf and hes like "love u love u LOVE U!" lmao
Shit or get off the pot.
Bought to watch #21jumpstreet cause I can't sleep
Thanks for the follow! Love Pittsburgh. . .want to visit again soon!
RT : “: "Market to teens as if they're in college; Tweens as if teens." #PLA12”
meet my friend /doc film maker She's heading out to sf to film Life in Perpetual Beta. You two should connect.
YES Peelander Z! So excited to experience their weirdness!
RT : Ready for a zombie apocalypse? Subaru is teaming up with to bring you zombie infested obstacle courses.
lol. just tryna make myself feel better
Great pic! Thanks for coming out to see us! Bring with you next time.
absolutely... We haven't talked in a while.
RT : Did you miss the International Journalism Festival in Perugia? Never fear! This comprehensive recap is here:...
you're too kind, thanks Ronan! I'm sure it will be posted soon
this semester is gonna suck over 9hrs of classes on thurs =/
Catching up on revenge , so good..
Morning twitter family! Be blessed! 😘
What's the movie?!
Please RT for her 21st Birthday! She absolutely adores you & met u in Pittsburgh! Biggest fan! Loves u. Thank u! <3
LOL I've been #paleo for about 18 months now. I've lost 30 pounds (not that you need to, obviously). btw, i consider red wine paleo
My question is did LSU practice at all over the month? They look terrible!
I'm aghast that ANYBODY wants Santorum to be our next president. What ARE they thinking?? Hey , what's the weather in NZ like?
I love you.
Hasn't stormed this hard since nam
It's all moody portraits of douches and the suits they wear. But super-well art-directed! And there's lots of booze.
I have the hiccups.
dylans british accent < british people
This was in fact, by far the worst/funniest Friday ever! #Crazy,Isn'tEvenTheWordIWouldUse
I Am Beautiful(:
I've been staring at fonts all night. The swirly kind. Like Kool-Aid. Oh Yeah!
I wanna see him!
finally I get 2 talk 2 u I miss talking 2 u i have missed u all dis days plzz RT me back Iu ~truemahomie4life~
That Moment When wont follow me );
We're gonna get it stuck in your head FOREVER after tonight!
just came from a party with (former) colleagues. Sad to know that a few people can really alter and/or ruin work lives for such talent.
people will never stop surprising me !
Because he's an All-Star ? RT why did Wideman stop skating on that play?
Your job is to plant the seed and keep it watered. God will decide how it grows!
I thought Ivan Johnson would have done something a lot more violent just then
Yay! Please follow me!!
Glad to say me and now have a nice family on the sims. He likes to murder people though...
What the hell is thinking with these highlighter unis?
I have wisdom
congrats man, love watching you pitch.
RT : amigos, , Pub Night:Speed Pitching is TONIGHT! FLF teams & #uwbpc12 are invited to the mix.
I agree. And so much money behind a soulless character concerns me a lot.
It's always time for soup.
If it wasn't all in caps, I don't know if I'd believe it.
Yes, I agree. They got scared and jumped. Funny you mention Jim..he said that Richardson was nothing special , just average LOL!
Hey man I just wanted to say one thing...testicles. that is all!
serious who just eats a chobani yogurt at wegmans? c'mon now!! eats some gosh darn meat you skinny b
Finally got my watch :)
Do I qualify for a FollowbACK?
Twitter's allowed. No blogging 'cos posts usually take me an hour to compose. Like Cinderella, I have to be in bed by midnight.
It was ugly but a wins a win. Better effort needed Saturday against Illinois or it will be repeat of last years NCAA's.
As one of Kobe's biggest fans ever, let's not forget MJ did it in the finals. This is round 1. Still impressive though.
Tierra del Sol Middle School (Lakeside) on lockdown due to gunman? ...
You made everyone hate her but the joke's on you because the same thing you did to her I'm doing to you. Don't judge a book by it's cover :)
RT : Damn. Rest In Peace MCA.
Loudoun citizen addresses LCPS Board and wonders why the FLES program is being cut - and the Board's economic mistake.
Hahah did you like our surprise ? This boy saying he can get punked and he did hahah love you <3 8
An early clinical trial of a hepatitis C vaccine has shown "promising" results, according to researchers at Oxford University.
#2010Disappointments lloyd cutting his beautiful hair off .
Video tips would be awesome! You got the 5DMII? Nice! But leaving it in Charlotte, not so good ;)
For the hyphenate filmmakers (writer, director, producer, etc.)- What's your favorite part of the process? I think I'd have to say writing.
Master P goin ham on the new shit. Makes me wanna jump in a tank. Uuuuuuhhhh nana nana.
what a beautiful sight! Perhaps one of these days I could join you in person.
I'm not a trick-or-treat kind of guy. I'm ready to sit in a pitch black room and watch scary movies on Halloween!!! Follow Me Everyone!!!!!!
smith a bum
this could come in handy...
Because events are too water down right now and too hard to evaluate a player AAU is starting to look like HS Bball one good game a day
would be a nice night to have Gino show up in honor of Dick Clark's passing.
Blocked his shit!
it. is........ They don't add vanilla ice cream & many sugar as McDonalds does(:
Notice how in some I say it differently, that should give you a clue ;)
Woke up feeling a lot better today! Time to make some things happen!!
where is your dad. U all better behave. Lol
Yes, thanks for the great service! : RT : Thanks to in N Austin for hosting us
Oomf is a slut!
No burritos outside the bar tonight so cooking up
Ellen and Cynthia would know better than I, but there is Fox's (Winton Pl) & Brownstein's (Monroe)
RT : My cousin is a Frisbeetarian. He believes that when you die, your soul goes up on the roof where nobody can retrieve it.
now if it was a custom authentic Adam Banks jersey you would be in business
Thank you bo hahahah #TeamFollowBack im following everyone who follows me today!!!
Which session do you think would fit this topic best? I really want to be there!
lol, yea, i figured that.
. says rockstar fans influnce 45% of that musician's revenue. Wow.
Lovely mail today: a cheque from my agent and my new business cards.
Done with school! It's weird not having school. 5 weeks to live it up!
a NASCAR fan, eh?
i'm at busch gardens whee
Rhythm-and-blues singer Ralph Tresvant (New Edition) is 44. Actor David Boreanaz is 43. Political correspondent Tucker Carlson is 43.
Oh no, I did in fact work for 10 hours. But I barely worked all quarter up until this point ;)
Join us tonight for the season's first Cheese Fondue Sunday. A fun dish to share - guaranteed to keep you warm on a cold winter night.
i thought so; you're too adorable to be loose lolol. ;p
happy birthday (: your finally 14 have an amazing day<33 I love you
Whoever ran into Tin Lizzy's with their car stinks!! As long as I can still get my sinless margs and three amigos tonight, I'm happy.
why is DNC not investing in #widems & #walker #recall according to media reports?
Send ya hit man niggas gon put that tool on em
Who else still takes the chocolate off the outside of a swiss roll b4 they eat it???
Thx 4 the follow...keep the dream alive!!!
Marsh accuser, didnt go to hospital yet is under physician care, marshall not charged.... Hm
ah, found it.
I really love having Bright neon green condoms :) makes my dick my favorite color XD yay me!
ion even know nobody talkn bout goin
my dog is the devil
what the hell were u watching?!
doing a little shopping online;)
no rain today :( but last week we got 1.7". After that, my firespike stood up straight, but today its back to droopyness
No, not yet--but it really is on my list. I think it just moved up on it.
RT Lord, let this church last 3 hours or less..... Communion Sunday and Palm Sunday could mean all day worship.
enjoying this quick rain..cools the earth!
Just met cody!
4 more days till mini vacation!! WHAT NOW?!? hhahaha
Yeahh, with me
I'm at Wheaton for the day researching. What else should I do? What were your old haunts?
At church of all faiths #adamspoint #oakland with
all ma exes live in texas like im george strait
Today is Lumpy Rug Day – a day to celebrate and appreciate a good rug. We’re celebrating by offering Wild Wednesday rug pricing today!
Dude Eric Church and Brantley Gilbert are the REAL deal!
I hope budget discussions will help us figure out what we consider really important and not just what we give lip service to
pixie lott, olly murs, and jessie j should join too!!! MOST EPIC TOUR EVER
Wow! That's pretty awesome. I have a Foulke jersey and nobody understands why. Hello?! Final out!! To Doug M no less... :)
thanks Jenny, how's your little one doing?
You are right to focus on debt, but shouldn't call it a bad mortgage. IT IS A MASSIVE TAX INCREASE which hasn't been paid yet!
The GOP race can be summed up by the tagline for "Alien vs. Predator": whoever wins, we lose.
If anybody is good at trig and would like to help me out, that'd be great.
My bed feels so empty without throwing aggressive elbows at me in her sleep :p
You're only limited by your own imagination! And money. And talent. And genetics. And time. And other people. Go for it!
By the time the election is over, we'll hv defined far more than the heart of America, we'll see what are Twitter neighborhood is really abt
How about a grilled cheese and tomato soup
snow! Yes! I forgot the name for that white stuff that comes from the sky. Thanks! Can I have it without cold?
If You're A Bielieber , Follow :DD
#YouKnowItsRealWhen you talking to me Bitch
Ahh, this is hard to watch
u owe me $5
Dare you to MOVE! Great way to start the NEW YEAR @
Was suppose to leave to miami today grrrrrr
One of the #rwtastingcrew wants to know: are there any indigenous grapes to Israel? Why or why not?
your complaining is getting old...
if I get the DH grad course nxt yr, cd I really do an entire course on bk hist & DH & use images from Folger, etc? hmm....thinking, thinking
If you drink #wine and wake up feeling like you have a cold it could be the sulphur dioxide
Good you finally know what it feels like.
•...has no risk, because the value has never collapsed and never will collapse.
Yes! I include a list of #finaid and higher ed acronyms in day 1 handouts.
Pacers beat the heat... Wow
Please take a look at this is a wonderful non-profit organization that helps disadvantaged children and young people with physical...
Today I was having fun in lake and didn't care about how I look till my I saw my crush and his firend .well fun is over get out of water
just tied the #NLL all-time single-season points record with 115. 1 away from a new mark!!!
done and done.
Christina's hair and makeup on
Would either of you be offended if I call you eye candy?
Take God at His Word!
So pj sandwiches,I been working outside most of the day. Dinner,ice cold peppermint tea,a cool shower thenidol time.
I'm so behind on my TV shows
haha, sick. Within a few months hopefully. Just released the cd, so we're planning an east coast tour.
there is a walking bridge on campus if you go towards the Comcast Center...it'll be OK your bowl is better then ours
no I'm sure did well too, he shouldnt be mad!
that's funny cuz I totally didn't bring her around you, real classy to threaten her that way too.
My mother was the first woman in her family to go to college, and she says it was possible because of Jimmy Carter's Pell Grants program.
sorry, I was working :) I miss you too! How are you?
do you mind having so many actors follow you?
People are going to start thinking that all of your tweets automatically come with a star from me.
the beatings will continue until morale improves
What? :o
when we were there and my daughter had just turned 3, that was the only ride she liked. We rode so many times. It is funny tho...
great choices but hey it is ALL abt Israel even tho netanyahu says leave us alone.
it would mean the world if you followed me.<3 your my inspiration! ilysm<333
Under SOPA, you could get 5 years for uploading a Michael Jackson song, one year more than the doctor who killed him.
Judging from my trip from JC to Kingsport, I spent too much time in New Jersey
Happy to help. :) Hopefully the weather in San Fran will clear up soon for you. Wishing you happy travels!
At triumph church sugar land
I saw a man eating out of a garbage can, so I offered him my turkey sandwich. He told me, "No thanks, I don't eat turkey."
Gotta love "some like it hot" on a good day indeed.
Well, yes. But we knew that already. Earnest users of the social medias.
good night Twittie Birds!
Today!!! Brass Monkey #Milwaukee goes Honkey Tonkin!! Live Country Music by Willow Creek Band!! The Twang starts at 1pm!!!
nd my new one aint come yet
and sleeping schedule too
And for the first of many times, Henrik >>>>>>>>>>>>>>> Henrique
"Aspire to Inspire Before You Expire"
my stomach hurt...
Those people aren't staying up all night. They just think it's cool to say so. They're what you'd call "morons." ☺
so proud to be named as a source 4 & Hickman Interiors in both GORGEOUS editorials in the Winter 2012 issue of
Joined Instagram earlier. Will be following some of you assholes shortly.
I am the liquor tonight, that I confiscate
It's a game. I got 66 (with 240 APM)...
use olive oil.
Great! We look forward to seeing you there :)
this rain is for real... in case you had doubts
I don't understand how you can go from the things you said yesterday, to not even texting me back today.
i think I'm rather romantic
Me too… and I thought I'd never be hungry again.
Date night with my lady!!!
What's the rate of the reverse?
thank you we appropriate your support!
Shoot for the moon. Even if you miss, you'll land among the stars. -Les Brown
I could try to give some more specific interests, but aside from my disability/illness....
Thanks good brother. I had no idea. Is it from my personal or campaign page?
he'd care if he DIDN'T get it, i bet.
Tea Gift Ideas blog - working on getting that set up and working on Wordpress today.
Witnessing some severe micro management bullshit. Wow. Glad I'm not the target... Yet? Eek.
Thanks for #FF!! Hope you have a wonderful weekend:)
Heading over to the Dallas Museum of Art tonight to listen to Colum McCann talk about writing "Let The Great World Spin"
NEW EVENTS: Friday July 31st: Rafael Picon Art Gallery Opening, Saturday August 1st: Hazakim
Whats Good Tweet World....IM BACK!!
LOVE!!!! I want to do something beautiful like that <3
Hope all have had a good day. Still looking for some assistance in getting off the ground. Any VC's or Investor questions welcomed.
that's ty's team?
Hoping for a big night
still looking for money to make movie... damn film insurance!
Lets go to the beach beach lets go get away
What book(s) are you reading this month?
we can do this!
I have great vision but I don't see a failure.
O's passed on chance to draft the TOP RATED player, Anthony Rendon .... SMART MOVE !!!!
Follow me back is a Sexy account related to Sex Dating ;)
Ha! Maybe they aged out of the teddy bear industry?
I envy you the maturity to step back, realize something is not working for you and move on. College and even grad school is expected
Harlan, survive the night. Strange dreams. I Have No Mouth, and I Must Scream...
Great way to take advantage of todays low rates.....consider refinancing to a shorter term!! Most borrowers will save ten's of thousands $$$
Everyday that I'm blessed with is another chance for me 2 correct my mistakes and be closer to God.Tomorrow is promised 2 no 1.
um no ur fault
So ready for the weekend.... What are you doing for fun?
that movie is so good! i love hockey!
I know. He has a fassbender quality.
what are you doing today??
I'm loving everything about season 5! RT : I really love Don Draper's apartment in season five of
I'm coming, driving to the airport in the uk, then flying for a while will be home by tonight!
Never let your failures get to your heart, & never let your success get to your head.
RT : "To lose patience is to lose the battle." - Mahatma Gandhi
he is weak. Ask for a trade take it back ask for it again ask management to fire ur head coach. How selfish of him.
FOOD ALLERGY ALERT Jonlly Fruits Inc. Issues Allergy Alert On Undeclared Allergens In Several Products
Can it be used online?
OUR SERVICES ALSO INCLUDE: *VIDEOS/MOVIES/COMMERCIALS *GREEN SCREEN EFFECT *VIDEO/AUDIO INTERVIEWS *CD DUPLICATION
Great day for commencement
pwahahahah!! Rude!!! Jesse stop taking pics of ur grandma livin it up on the airplane!
no argument there...
On A Cloudy Day I Can Make You Smile :)
Enjoying Me Day!
Just played HALO AE in 3D. Wow. Bringing back some good memories with new graphics. ...what's that? oh... SKYRIM, yes - back to it now
great gig tonight. Loved the Michael Douglas handshake! Come back to smaller venues in dfw!
thank you so much! we'll be releasing a brand new song once we hit 1000 followers!
trying to do homework here
30 min dinner break and oh joy we get $10 more in food coupons for the gross food court
Me too. I honestly thought they would miss Heavy and Nick Ashford. Was rather shocked that they missed Etta and Don.
So...Tommorow's Valentine's Day...but "more importantly" it is MY b-day! Huzzah!!!
Bebe got on train this AM w/ 4 kids & in 3 stops had warned one, "you betta sit down or I'ma act a fool on this train"
When i build up my feelings, they come out the wrong way. held so much in
im ok with that.. hehehe
Just found out I won the OVATION award for BEST SUPPORTING ACTOR in a touring show as Young Simba in The Lion King.
I want my princeton . That's my xmas gift to me."
Make sure to come to The Garage early tonight and hang out and catch all the bands!
Anybody want to text me? I'm kinda bored. -.-
What we have given, we receive in equal measure...and more.
We had the lentils left overs for Valentine dinner. Couple sausages left. How romantic !
#moverslongisland doing a move right now. will be there for you tomorrow! cheers everyone, thank you for the calls and support!
HE AINT THAT SPECIAL IM JUST SAYIN
excellent, thanks for passing this along. Are you going to check out the events?
A grand total of 16 M & Ms in the "fun size" package. How is that fun?
I'm following all of your #FF people... they're great! Happy Friday!
love mq since forever
did anyone just feel the #Earthquake? If you did, I'm jealous. I haven't felt one yet!
Its not what happens to me that matters but what happens within me. #leadership #consciousness RT
He needs to get his own twitter account then don't you think?
I once had 4 girlfriends at the same time. They all met each other too. I'm slick
Drake: When I say where all my real niggas at... you can be white.. its ok..
The key to happiness is having dreams. The key to success is making your dreams come true. Anonymous”
Last tweet wasn't purely factual, but you know what is? #RewardMilk (now also brought to you by Mleczko Brothers and, fuck it, Pizza Hut)
I swear man, sometimes honesty gets you in double the trouble...
Breaking Benjamin,<3
Desperately want a cookie. Chocolate chip is who we are today! Step off, oreo.
My mom just referred to the man in Zumies as the "mr bearded man"
6 weeks i cant do sports -.-
Thanks! We love the love! RT : I dig this :)
The Avengers tonight!!
No kidding, right?
come with me and mikey shopping!!!!!
Ha! The Ghost of Texas Past paid you a visit. ;)
I <3 the Victoria's Secret fashion show. Especially Erin!! Add her to my list of girl crushes
We are a sponsor for Earth Day Birthday today... Lots of great bands
What Sam did was stupid. What Patrick did was stupid. And there is no need for name calling.
Just made puppy chow. :)
of course
Also we've changed our Daily Happy Hour Drink Specials!
your welcome =)
I want to be her boo lol
Always, as I work with another, I am also working with myself.
Turtle shell.
- Thanks for the RT! NY Actors - check out the Shakespeare Forum, home for actors, directors and lovers of Shakespeare.
It has made me physically sick.
5 people from Jordan are killed after a deadly car accident in Kansas. More details at 5am on
Can't wait to see all these #certifiedfresh movies over break.
if you don't know the lyrics to this song...IM OFF YOU!!!!!!
Steve Buscemi RT : Good god that is the ugliest man in history on First Take right now
boy i thought he was gonna smack the computer he was so mad.
lol where you from!?
What are you doing, man?? :)
World Chefs: Playful Aduriz masters culinary mind games
Fresno man pleads guilty to having machine guns
how about scrabble for an alternative 3 level analogy: individual letters>words>relationship of words to one another on the board.
Fun day with
well, that can't be good...
i can do anything around my boyfriend .. i burp & fart in front of him.. tell him when i have to take a shit and everything
Been studying for hours but it still makes no sence.
Ah dude I think I'm going to die from excitement!! just followed me! #dead Ah I LOVE YOU!<3333
11% of adults around the world have never had sex.
I guess ICC (International Criminal Court) is only for the countries without nuclear weapons..
There is no such thing as inaccuracy in a photograph. All photographs are accurate. None of them is the truth. – Richard Avedon
However, there are a few situations in which your student loan may be discharged and your repayment obligation forgiven: 1) You die. [...]
BIG things in the worx! God's hand clearly placing the bets ... Winning Hand! ;-)
Holy gratuitous Beckham! thanks
Remember for this upcoming work week: be the bringer of hope to those around you.
Ugly couples that make-out at my school 😍
you are SO right! Everyone has challenges, but successful ppl fig out how to rise to the top in spite of them. U r very inspiring!
#RelationshipsEndBecause people are too complicated. Life is not more than too love and be loved. Life things other than html code and war.
For most of us life in some way is a fight! But, In Christ it's a no losing battle. You win!
Read the Label Challenge...30 Days I'll read &record where the clothes I wear are made. Todays outfit is mostly China, Taiwan & El Salvador.
Today just flat out sucked
Sorry I don't accept people named ItszYoo' BoiiKriisz'
Banana ricotta chocolate chip bundt cake baking away. Excuse me, I'm just going to sit by the oven and inhale.
tan lace!
"All men are created equal" you know what we mean 😏
Gotta throw up a couple threes to free up the interior for Davis
Starting the countdown!
I want to steal your panties. And then carve you up in my basement.
Cheesecake is so good. Note it in your skin
Make a reservation to get the best seating in our house! 585-267-7500
Its either hot as bballlls in this school or an ice cube.. for god sakes, can we have a perfect temperature ever in this building?
love you too!!
any word on where Willis will end up?? Go Cats!!
Lunch Cedarlane Low Fat Beans, Rice, & Cheese Burrito, Poland Springs Water
LOVES you for the RT, thx u!
I am living proof that our thoughts have the power of creation we must master our minds so we can #manifest our #dreams into #reality today!
Is riding shotgun with your 16 year old new driver with a double roadie a bad influence? I sure hope not.
Make water your new BFF. It's easy to mistake thirst for hunger, so reach for water first when the next hunger pang hits.
Does it feel like #Friday to anyone else?
So, Reggie Watts is supposed to be funny or some type of musician, right?
Yeah, it's totally normal to have a random emotional breakdown at the Rite-Aid counter. Amirite?
Increased range of motion in my ankle!
nothing like a vanilla latte from Starbucks, on a really stormy&cloudy day. It just hits the spot(:
Excited! : Experts in our summer issue
Finally laying down, and it feels so good.
wish I was going with you
life-long-learning - a key component - bringing people into library for reasons beyond reading
Love that you still use that pic!
MY MAMA WAS 1 OF THE 1ST BLACK TEACHERS @ KALAMAZOO LOY NORRIX HIGH & HER STUDENTS WERE FLOWER CHILREN
Damn Change My Profile Colors Pink Looking Like Pink Friday Deluxe Edition Like My Profile Pic.Problems Bitch.
A little rusty with installing a DSL connection during outreach. I forgot the DSL filter and the phone had static!
Lots of work to do this week. Friday Match 30 grand opening!
gearing up to live with Shape for 7 months! can't imagine this with anyone other than Erik Ehn
<----- Y to the UMMY...Absolutely Delicious girl!
Ouch! Cousin just got hit HARD on the forearm by a pitch! It sounded like a bat! Omg he just passed out! Omg.
You go, girl!
I'm apparently too sensitive tonight
People are so ignorant.
I so want this song at my funeral aka Party! Knocking on heavens door Guns And Roses!!!!!
I just love how people volunteer me to do something without my consent..pretty annoying
Ledge Street students get health, safety tips from Nashua South students at Safety Fair
It could be both....
You aint slick You aint slick!
So excited for your show tonight at #HouseofBlues! What time do you guys go on?!
#np Sandro Silva & Quintino - Epic , that's how I'm feelin right now
guessing 5 or 6. Mitch was going to come by, waiting to hear from him.
Kmsl, jus flying through the air like somes siamese twins huh?!? You is crazy lololol
They have a BK 
I think I'm gonna get #faded tonight...!! I need a cocktail lol ...
I tweet hard.
I totally forgot and there's no way I can get off
#FF We so appreciate you always passing along our event info! Love our Local Tweeters!
100 years ago today, a comic told a joke on stage, got NOTHING, and responded with "what, too soon?"
Wow, there's an app for everything! Thanks for the rec!
$17 Estate Planning Package. Completed by local top rated law firms. Contact us for details: www.prepaidlegal.com/hub/ossg
Sure he needs to make it to MSG“: will close the show on YES at 6:25pm with a clip from Aug 2009 of Mike and Pete Fornatale.
I read this w/ an accent. The word 'rubbish' is just funny to me. "RT Morning what's everyone up to today? Rubbish weather"
DC: Still freezing; Anyone with a spare Villa that I can use for a couple of weeks? Somewhere tropical?
These tie down straps for our camera equipment might come in handy HINT HINT Teresa
Seattle tomorrow , and Alaska on Friday..can't wait!!!
A new GoGo Boy is coming soon! Yes, bitches! Its me! :D
China April industrial output rose 9.3% from year ago vs forecast of 12%. April retail sales rose 14.1% vs forecast of 15.2%
n order to have energy all day long, the greatest change I made in my life was to go to bed and get up the same time every day of the week.
You tell me to text you Curtis then your not gonna respond ? Cool 🎁😔
Who you telling
Dude, who was it? A regular?
Thanks for the FF love. Have an awesome weekend!
Damn I need a car
There's a reason weather forecasters include "X% chance of" in their predictions. None of this stuff is ever fully exact.
Belated take on NCAA Championship game: grinding game; no future NBA stars on floor. J. Scheyer ineffective; K. Singler was the difference.
I actually posted quite a few thoughts in the #edchatsa group today, but from the Take a look.
It's 12:30 and i'm too hungover to get out of bed but too hungover to fall back asleep. this is the worst
It's I love you
I'll take that into consideration on my next visit
Feels like 2010 and Jodie Meeks all over again.
along w/coaches, empowering tchr leaders.
Daily GTKY question: What do you eat for breakfast?
15th Annual Conference on Vaccine Research - MarketWatch (press release)
Its a nice looking day today....could be a tad warmer though
On my way to.columbus baby
your species!
“: Not liking twitter” from 939 days ago it's amazing what 2.5 years does for people :)
We absolutely want to go. We'll likely have the little one with us, but sounds like you may as well? Let's starting locking in plans.
This game probably means I won't be ironing my shirt tonight...hope my Godson understands.
Oh! There you are. Haven't seen you *forever! Come back and poof! Artwic's gone. Off to work; come back. Sort of back? Hmm?
Oh damn...starting to freak out for my speech tomorrow now DX...shoulda practiced more (>_<)
OH UH OH.
Great way to start the day, VCU,elon,clemson,columbia,NIT, SC state at Oak Ridge
Yeah??? I know u ain't that simple...add FUNKK n ART to that! Peace 17!
I could watch Anderson Cooper giggle all day. Too cute.
Murders in the black communities are at an all time high...what can we do in our community to stop the violence?
please please please please please talk to !!
is worried about ktbird too.
if ur up text me!
Jay z needs to start rolls royce music
i was wondering when u would see that !!! Lmao
Short hike before dark in Boulder foothills. Nice views, saw nonchalant deer and rabbits; hopefully that meant no bear or cougar nearby :-)
I hate hella homework.
its back under construction
smile because you know your fucking beautiful :)
Catherine Snow--ise of Word Generation for discussion of topics is highly motivating or students across domains.
Dear BART "protesters": As an alternative to ruining thousands of peoples' commutes yet again, please consider #$%*ing yourselves.
M.. Why not something people talk about a lot? Like sex or movies or something.
the things we do for love...
Grind all day tweet all night
Not surprised ... Not too many are you know...;)
I guess the luck out tonight and won't get another beating from the
Wow Joshua #AI can sing!
okay so what on Earth did you do Austin?
Heading to the new member retreat! Hope they're ready
thank you so much Paul! :) Hope you're doing good!
The real Irish American history not taught in schools #edcampss teaching w/o a textbook
haha!!! No alcohol for me on this flight! Hahah
Joined the Princeton club today with Em. Goodbye love handles, hello eucalyptus steam room.
"compound marketing = duplication", in a good way “: Don't believe anything they say...about basketball cc: ”
Don't forget my quest for a nomination in next year's music awards
If Your Single Make This As Your Status & Whoever Inboxes You A '♥'They Wanna Change That
Problems cannot be resolved all at once. Slowly untie the knots. Divide to conquer.
When is Mario Batali coming to Pittsburgh? Too cool!
Could it b that P is too busy killing the masses & has no time 4 the opponents ? There time will come as well ;)
haha only for a little. ;)
My obsession is becoming beautiful!
On my way to the theaters wit my cousins and friends. Finely gonna watch breaking dawn: part 1. Yeah buddy;)
Nicely done Jason Hammel...
lol you haven't seen me lately...at 270...yeah, I got hefty and still got my strength lol
Kinda excited for finals, just so I don't have to carry a backpack.
Weekend was not long enough, but they never are! And now it is time to sort the spreadsheets.
So Romney's father was born in Mexico. My question is: Where the hell are all those annoying "birthers"?
Hanger steak eggs benedict with cauliflower, pickled shallots, and mushroom hollandaise
mexicalicalexico.musicantica.pedro.andrew.ivan.israel.vox...sun so hot i forgot to go home.
hey Justin! your my sisters inspiration. she's an great Singer and she absolutely loves you! your the reason she wants to sing
Honey, where is my supersuit? I said where is my supersuit?
I love myself
do you know if Brian Regan had twitter? You two are the best
RT How 2 Get Ya Music On D.S.R.O Send Ya Music To We Will Review It & Send U Our RadioPackages Info
if coach cal takes a shit it's a headline. I sometimes wish there was no Internet so I don't have to be subjected to dumbasses
Somebody just asked me if I was the girl on Lizzie McGuire. That's it. I quit.
Ah kinda getting chills listening to my boy singing some "Harder to Breathe"! Gotta love it !
Had #pizzapit and the last two #summershandys for dinner...
Thanks for the RT "US Navy Band #BrassQuintet to Perform... "
Great win vs JMU. Thanks for letting my daughters team, Spotsy Sting, play at halftime. They had a great time!
USA,Georgia...
it's also bad when you have kids that wake up without understanding what time the clock says.
I ask my Children to say their Prayers .One Prayed God stop all the Wars except on my Video Games.lol
Maybe we need a change of tactics, I get them tickets next week, then start saving :L
Thanks for the shoutout!
"[Andre Ethier] I wrote you a haiku!!!" -- didn't know you were an eloquent poet/fangirl, ! Did you, ?!
2) I asked "take-away message" question & appreciated how you & Danny were thinking about the opportunity for action/change
your just wait until you see the house empty and the moving trucks in the front
today's goals: realtime server-side video encoding and finding a cheap projector. those exist, right?
No do you?
opps meant use to sing opera not see
RT : #InfantMortality #ABC All Babies Count. Babies Should Sleep (A)lone. On Their (B)acks & In A (C)rib
I love you for that.
I have done it for practice. Shouldn't be too difficult. If I can do it. Anyone can.
Peace out library. You're depressing on such a gorgeous day.
wont be a problem... lol... said i took steps needed, right? ;)
Ya know I REALLY like #Princeton ShoppingCenter & even like its RiteAid Rx BUT #rottentomato for charging FULL price on2 clearance items!!!
"You should only go to one conference a year and it's #AZEC11" (it's on video!)
I think your amazingly talented your gonna go far even if it's not in music. Your song 11:11 is still my favorite song.
Shyt Brian won't send it to me. Hit him up maybe he will send it to u
I'll die then, thanks..
oh that one is fab! #drooling!
Why are people turning on Bobby?? He didn't kill her! DAMN PEOPLE!
You need to figure out what you love,and place yourself according to that, or you're going to end up miserable no matter what city you're in
i dont think it was overhyped. it was just a trade of two below average guys. those happen all the time.
What's going on with you, Catrina?
Bringing out the hoe skirt
#RickyGervais makes the room uncomfortable ... and they love it.
Man what's up wit Boston?
#WhatIf I had a chance to meet Michael Jackson <3
We're in the midst of creating epub files; its on the list. There's Kindle & Google e-editions of Cabeza de Vaca's Relacion.
I suppose I meant pie crust growing (funding) while the filling (revenue) just aint there yet. I guess it'll make it unhealthy.
Please follow ! She is such a big Enchancer <3 PLEASE! She loves you!  29
Getting photograpy tips from Jeffrey Truitt at luncheon
KALAMAZOO CENTRAL GIANTS VS KALAMAZOO LOY NORRIX KNIGHTS THANKS 2 MY MAMA EITHER WAY I WON
Kelis is legitimately one of my heros.
I just got it too...I've never heard a thunderclap that loud and long.
Becoming one of our followers on the day you're getting ready to go to dinner with Buzz Aldrin? Epic! Hope you had a great time...
“: You got a down ass bitch, better keep her” please tell me where to find one bro
I hate people who text you first then won't text you back.
- Whazzup with your Giants!? Gotta score in the red zone! Come on Eli, I'm cheering for you since Aaron isn't playing today!
Speaker available on Upstate New York Genealogy - www.unyg.com
4/26- join us for to support the We will donate 25% of your check and will match it $ for $!
It takes two to speak the truth - one to speak, and another to hear
Dear cable companies - it's 2012, I think the technology exists to equalize the volume on all the commercials you air. Look into it.
no I anit
11:06 pm what about there?
Talking about music is like dancing about architecture.
I did not!
I'm just being petty and want someone to buy it for me, or cook haha
I swear, it was so unhealthy. haha
Wow this class is so boring:/
people who think you're pretty great! :)
#oomf Got some nice, fresh taTs! lol {}
“A one-page breakthrough starts an avalanche.” - Nancy K. Haddock
Well said!: "The supreme accomplishment is to blur the line between work and play." - Arnold Toynbee -
Waking up this early for school, to sit there and do nothing. Waste of time
Over 3 dozen of my Apps not compatible with Lion without upgrade including Offce, BBedit, Parallels , AfterEffects and more....
totally cool, I know!!!
Rain, Rain, go away. Please come back some other day!
I have 6 pockets on me right now and I'm not even wearing real pants!
Spreading myself too thin....gotta make some sacrifices!
subbotnik In Soviet Union, practice or act of working voluntarily on a Saturday, for the benefit of the collective
Been absent lately as I took 2nd job, the 1%er who employed hubby got caught w/ hand in cookie jar and job went bye-bye.
I'm fucking pathetic
My pleasure - have a nice weekend!
Chachi got OWNED. Ouch
Been thinking about you lately. Hope all is well.
// love this post!
Not sure which "it" you have in mind.
congrats on the new job at ICA
I stand for freedom of expression, doing what you believe in, and going after your dreams
im just plain sick of being ignored cause im a guy
Not even on YouTube?
I'm drunk at a freestyle concert. It's awesome.
Just ate cereal and it was good(:
Is Baylor the most overrated basketball team in the country? I think so...
No joke, I actually just dug out/used the textbook from a PR case studies course I had with and forever ago.
don't spam me!
Much cold weather in North Texas today! Anyone else braving the horrible weather?
if you want then to work... blackberry, if you want them to love you then iPhone
Thanks for helping to spread the word about the new single!!!
Library with my girls.
90% of the world's children live in developing countries.
we need to smoke :)
On/Off...RT : “: No one did no matter what provider. RT As usual, I had NO service in the stadium.”/U did
There are reasons some businesses are hugely successful, others “get by” and the less fortunate fail
So excited to see you featured in Apartment therapy my friend!! :)
MAN FUCK INDIANA
Glad you're home. Sounds like it's getting dicey over there.
but that pic is beautiful. I wish I could teleport!
I was just saying...
I said I believed you.. Damn
yeah I'll warm you up(; and I know they were good
2012 Tax Season. Follow us on facebook facebook.com/frankmartinezpa for continued updates. Offices Miami and Orlando Tax/Accounting/Notary
I have enjoyed pussy like a fat kid at an ice cream shop....
Put me down as a yes I did.
LucasFilm grosses 9.5 billion dollars annually in Stars Wars merchandise alone. George Lucas, Why would you make a 4th Indiana Jones film?
just saw your live broadcast on I see you have texting gloves too. I love mine.
Very excited for the Super Bowl because the Packers aren't in it
ah ! I can't wait .. now work won't be so boring !😊
So I need to give you this money...
$35 ALL YOU CAN EAT AND DRINK!! Watch the Super Bowl at The Tavern Downtown and Cowboy Lounge and enjoy all you can eat of wings, pizza,...
I should give up on people outside twitter.
Truly. We must celebrate AND commiserate when we're both back in town. There's a time/season for everything.
smh, I give up on this one, too tired
Rant about stemcells.
stay strong <3
Look for all the amazing vendors working show on March 27th!!! Check out the tunnel of love!
First and last exam tomorrow
Leaving from hanging out in Pico Riveira.
Gonna go chill with the boys.
Today is ridiculously beautiful
YES! RT : Why aren't there Dunkin' Donuts in California? I want a coffee and a so-so jelly donut. Yes I know it's 7:30. So what
after work something can happen
Next on tap: Covering Business w/ & Bradley Fikes ...
- that's typically a good game plan for any day!
At Pucketts downtown in Nashville then shopping:))
I don't think we've spoken before. What's up? I'm gonna do "Judas" tonight at karaoke :)
Why are the numbers on a calculator and a phone reversed?
don't remember the exact syntax for the ln command but that should dump all Chrome's cache files into oblivion. :-)
10 Tablas Creek Antithesis #Chardonnay. Classic CA Chard. Butterscotch, creme brûlée nose. Continues on palate. Buttery velvet 94 pts
agreed that the omissions here are striking.
Happy Birthday! What a great way to celebrate....seeing BA! #bestbirthdayever ;)
Haters gonna hate- keep killin em money
I was in Louisville and I SCREAMED IT OUT THE WINDOW!!" #A Day! 7
but go read it, tell me if it's good... My mom won't let me touch the nook...
Darkness cannot drive out darkness; only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hate; only love can do that.
Cool! What would you like to know??
are you trying to get a 30 year old man laid? hahahaha
Gearing up for our first performance at Southern Theatre this weekend! The acoustics in the Southern are phenomenal. Who is coming?
on right now! i'm going through Once Upon A Time, Desperate, GCB, The killing & Mad men before i take on #gameofthrones!
thanks. I'm really excited about the future.
BBMS HUMPDAY HOTLINE: What do your friends do around your significant other that pisses you off?
with and ready for first drink!!
You go girl!! Break-a-leg on your test!
hahahah love you!
good job!
Cataract is not a fruit. :) RT : Cataract myth: it needs to be ripe. It doesn't!
Girls remember everything.
rainy saturday! what to do, what to do?!!
my mom told me bout my popi before he dead i really wish he was here and all the others i love but there watchin over me-Tamya:P ily
You are educated. Your certification is in your degree. You may think of it as the ticket to the good life.
Good Night.
^es yes pilates is a beast
People are gettin rowdy already
hey thanks, big follow!
Except one problem.... My lazy ass don't wanna get up....
nothing pithy, witty, or charming to say today.
Sometimes just chilling listening to #music and nothing else is all I need
Diana Ross looks kinda like Oprah.
Updating the Project Management curated apps list on appolicious
that's not wrong- that's perfectly correct. I have one better: dip a chocolate bar in frosting, consume. There.
Latest wx model still projects 12-16"+ snow from SW to NE WI; Blizzard Warnings in effect thru Weds night
Dieing of laughter(x
from basketball just to get back to 100%. Thing that sucks though is that coach doesn't get that we get hurt and need time to rest..UGH
Hi there! I work in the UCLA Digital Library Program and we're looking forward to your arrival over here, too! Congrats!
lol yo fam did u play college ball or something?
soo heres my plan for my birthday.. getting the industial piercing, my second hole, and my cartilage done. !
is there enough alcohol to get it done..
Removing them from room eradicates the poison...a "we got into playoffs w/out you, we can win or lose without you too" attitude
RT : We are so honored to have received the 2011 NM Historic Preservation Division Award for Architectural Heritage today!
#dhtrial plan says jurors having trouble deliberating is unusual this early. Judge instructed to keep going.
your welcome!! ☺👍
is physically preparing for Farsi class = Quesadilla - and mentally = trying to remember some vocabulary...akheee
lol i'm jk. love ya sexy ;)
When these things happen, we have to get it right the 2nd time, too. Takes a while to report, write, edit.
Everybody just take a second and send my Dad some positive vibes. He could use some good vibes right now.
love our new song!! :) Can't wait to write some more!
getting ready for the J-O-B...... i am so boring
favorite childhood memory ? shout out to roxana esquivias (:
Yey babysitting my two year old niece :D
sorry for your loss.
I'm honestly really smart. When you don't see me do shit in class, DONT assume I'm fucking dumb. I'm very intelligent.
Forecast for Rest Of The Overnight: Showers with a slight chance of thunderstorms. Lows in the mid 60s. Southeast...
Wahhhh… I can't sleep, anyone know a good lullaby???
Does anyone know a way to view the activity of that external applications that I have 'connected' to my twitter account?
there are so many things I would rather be doing then homework....
I AM tired of seeing everyone with their couples
Acrl sharing future planning academic niche networking
hey. not sure if I know you :p whats up?
Whatever, just whatever
So inform me then.
PiG on tHe PaTio, sounds like summer in Philippines
remember I dnt have my car
The crew is suiting up and heading into the orbiter for the final liftoff of Endeavour to take place at 7:56am CDT or 8:56am EDT!!!
You will, Reggie. Can't win 'em all, but you always give your best effort!
Omg! Seriously irritated right now.
Watching newlyweds spend hours on their photos. Wanna scream "GO TO YOUR WEDDING!!" you'll look @ pix 1x year, max. Embrace the now.
lol shut up. yes !! you've become a stranger, never saying hello
you're so hott!
there's so much more I wish I could be doing
Its 60 in Boston and is having a powder day. I need to be in vermont.
YES! Congratulations! DM us your mailing address! :) RT : his bedroom
The Dagwood: layered sandwich of pork burger & swiss, turkey & cheddar, fried chicken with a fried egg and other delicious accoutrements
What should I ask this morning? He's mayor of Del Mar and wants to be the next SD County Supervisor
lol i know thats why i just call you a asshole and keep it moving lmao
is there any way to know how many votes there is on my 'show us your Q' picture or is it like, secret until may 21st :(
Any one who wants to hear some hip hop unsigned hype music DM me ur email. No spam Strt Ham RT
I PLEDGE ALLEGIANCE 2 THE FLAG OF THE U.S.A.& 2 THE REPUBLIC 4 WHICH IT STANDS 1 NATION UNDER GOD INDIVISIBLE WITH LIBERTY & JUSTICE 4 ALL!
Texting in class.. Yolo
delete Foursquare, check in on Facebook!
Chicago BeeBeeBee will be hosting its Torch Awards Thurs@ the H.I mart plaza my least favorite work event,i would rather eat salad all week.
can u say worst fucking officiating n the league!! i know you want Miami to win but do you have to fix the game 2???
My Shar Pei smile... DO NOT use that please. ;)
Missed the toilet so he took a shirt off the clothes rack and started to wipe it up... Weird dream, wgat does it mean??
you can't trust a man whats made of gas.
ur the baby whisperer!
Can't stand these motor boats... Noise and nature polluters
Monday Morning Brain Buster: If you're like the average person, you'll do this 15 times today. What is it?
I'll know the universe is on my side if mapquest sends them to London, KY instead.
Tacobell i think yes!!
Well done!
yikes!! I'll keep my 70 degrees :)
LOVE that song.
Ensure content is finger-friendly. Just b/c content is big enough to read doesn't mean its big enough to touch.
Oh, well that's just what the world needs rights now...
Thansk to everyone that is listening to "Waisted" on We at 100 views in less than a hour!!!
lucky u. plz tell jack that he needs to make more wimpy boy band videos. :)
You're Welcome! Also Essentious real good with hairfinitys
how bout 2012?
please watch kony 2012 join invisible children this war must end he must be stoped hes ben comiting crimes for 20 years
Happy Holidays and much abundance in 2012 to ~
you bet she is! What's new with you?
Please get Paul Martin off the power play - I beg you
Back to Back Home runs!!! K-State 3 KU 0 in the 1st inning.
Just landed in Colorado Springs for our weekend series with CC. Last time we were here they ended our season.Time to take two!
Jeez the weather man sounds so bored. "there could be a little or a lot of rain, it depends"
Another coldn yucky day. This calls for an even bigger discount....mention this tweet from now until noon and get 50% off ANY medium drink!
Good Morning Beautiful/ Handsome <3 Have a great day!(:
I am not sure. You tell me. What do I need to know?
Much Love & Peace to anyone who supports our music. VO Crew, we are now #14 on the charts of Reverbnation in all genres!
who's your cousin?
RT Sibling Abuse is connected to the rapid increase in BULLYING. Bullies are made in the home.
: Why not offer a Volunteer Tax to millionaires? Great way to test patriotism and offer a channel to those 1% who want to help.
Chelsea in champions league final 2012. Chelsea not even in champions league 2013. HEHEHEHEHEH
Was it changed this year? It was $150 MA/$250 PhD for as long as I was on assistantship.
Oh lordy! My space is being INVADED!
We come to love not by finding a perfect person, but by learning to see an imperfect person perfectly.
#NowFollowing (: You should deffinitly go follow him and he will #FollowBack (:
we'll fly till there is no wind :)
can you help me?
Forest whitaker in dis movie wit some braids o_0... him and samuel l jackson jus get too adventurous wit they hairstyles
one thing to remember is it was never designed to do what it is currently being asked to do
Jamal for 295. 1 yard is no real difference
watching UK and LSU takes me back to panama city an
Frying is delicious, but so is grilling with a touch of smoke and finishing in buttered wing sauce (+less mess). That's my plan.
Feels good not to care #officiallydone I should've paid more attention
#Nonprofits, dry your eyes and watch Jimmie Fallon and Brian Williams slow jam the news about super pacs. Hilarious!
Just completed a 3D animated spot for Planet Shark - Australia.
I'm fine. Wbu?
watching THE INN KEEPERS and really enjoying it! First act, stopped to make pop corn...
#SometimesAllAGirlWants to be reminded that you want her happy.
I love the fact that gamers have a night to celebrate. I never dove into Diablo, but believe me when I say I'm stoked you guys are happy.
Seen on CNN there is a new smart phone App being introduced that anyone with in 150 ft of each other can see each others photos. Creepy!!!
So... You're telling me that you dont want to invest in a car wash business???
already Ma! We need to put one in the air....
and we miss you, buddy.
went to the best man hunt party lol
Getting ready to photodigitize whole vessels from the NPS collection of Chaco Canyon ceramics. Gulp.
What's your favorite dinosaur? :3
Don't be sorry Hoe next time be careful lol
CastingDNA.com signs several Casting Directors
And Believe in thy self... RT : Im glad to be here, is there a topic of the day?
we jizzed at the same time.
Trials happen so we can turn them into a testimony on how God can uplift and even use the weak for his grand purpose. What's your testimony?
no...they do time
#instagramblackout today... Sucks
fave sign so far "everyday I'm' Russell'n"
YAYYYY!!! RT : Passed the Series 3! Officially a commodity futures broker :)
my mom doesn't want me to go :c says its a bad school since Ivonne went there & how she turned up.
Does anyone have any favorite books they would like to share?
Running da sound.. XMuteX nice solo Andrew!!
Holding you, I hold everything
I am here
2 problems. 1, You have to sacrifice caffeine. 2, You have to get close enough to give one caffeine.
"you've the strength of the greeks. you are God's masterpiece" if you're not listening to king charles "love lust",
nothin just chillin and next saturday is my birthday :)
BROOKLYN TIL I DIE
twitter is good for immediate recommendations only
First time in 8 years I'm missing opening day. Feels like Santa skipped my house.
thanks for your service to the USA. Hope you had a great Veteran's Day with your family!
#IfIWereU I'd pay attention to what's going on around you!
much deserved, good job this wk w/
VICTORY! I finally got that freaking teeny shard of glass out of my pinky finger!
Always Smile Bro! Follow Me! #BelieberBoy 97
RT : RT : Blog post of 's visit to for an employee teambuilding exercise designing...
RT : Did you know... The Blackstone Hotel will be featured on Monday's season premiere episode of The Rachael Ray Show?
It's something else.
Good for you Lex! Just wanted you to know we are keeping your family in our prayers. How's your dad doing?
That game is during the week so I stream it at work. We can make a tiny bet on it.
RT : #TasteofHillcrest is coming up! Buy your tickets
Good point! MT : Are you considering mobile w/your email marketing? Over 40% of people open emails on mobile
what's up love
Leaders must desire to surround themselves with people greater than they. UnCommon Leaders don't want "yes" people. Honesty & new thinking!
also bro. Just got hired at extreme tan. Get on my level.
Just saw a snooki look a like at the club?? Ehhh nasty
It's gonna be a good day, eh team? We've got this.
here's another one.
Nothing like toppin off a wk of auditions, writing, class & improv to Sadie telling me: "I like your face". Well I love your face Sadie.
Sup Luis =) RT : Heat so fuckin sorry
Boy: "Wanna see a magic trick?" "Sure!" Boy: "POOF! Hey, you're single." Boy: "Wanna hear a joke?" Girl: "Sure?" Boy: "Our Relationship..."
#theoldestsongthatihaveonmyphone is jonas brothers-year 3000 I dont why I have that song !
thanks we luv u!
you're excessive.
I had an awesome Mother's Day! So thankful for my family!
#Patriots needed help on defense and they are addressing it tonight. Smart by the Hoodie & company.
there are so many things i have to tell you, but the first would be that I love you. <3
The thing about communications work is that everyone thinks they're an expert.
Mcalisters sweet tea
Should it still place the call, though? I think I used to just sent it to a random url, and it would at least place the call.
Enjoyed showing Doug Seebeck CEO of around & Belay. A great org if you are interested in business as mission.
the streets of harris park that place was so 6 years ago
Weather for Orlando, FL 83°F | °C Current: Partly Cloudy Wind: NW at 4 mph Humidity: 85%
#SalesBuilder goes Mobile! iPad or Android - your home shoppers can browse plans, sitemap, mix/match options/upgrades! See us !
Anybody trying to ride with me to Jacksonville tonight?
yeah right lol
Everyone gets to the point where they just stop caring sometimes
RT : RT : great show last night u got a standing o,good shit!!
I love being in an awesome mood then coming home to my cunt of a mother.
#only if i didn't like you, it would be easy to be around you!:-) :-)
has anyone ever heard either of the bands 'Chevelle' or 'Bush' ? I might go see them in concert tomorrow.
I love the change in seasons and the cool crisp air in Boston this evening ...
No traffic in the middle of nowhere!!!!!
Follow Me Please :D :D :D
TWO PLUS TWO IS BACK DOWN AGAIN OMG
Carp diem quam minimum credula postero. ~ Horace (Roman poet).Translation: Seize the Day, put no trust in tomorrow.
If SOFT Spencer Hawes or Lou "pump" Williams are resigned will be CRIMINAL!
I like, but it was all over the arena...and I I'm pissed I didn't think of it first
Who knows a good place to buy quality vanilla beans in Northern Virginia?
Remember last week when I said it was eerily quiet in I was wrong. Today it's *really* eerily quiet.
Starting a countdown before Yankees fans tell you that you're biased to the Sox because you tweeted that you like the food.
I think i finally found a song that describes everything i'm feeling right now
People Who Wait Till The End Of The Year To Act Hard<<
Great suggestion, and thanks for being there for us!!! We will be there for you and your 3D madness for a good long time!
#waystogetunfollowed Maybe finding Waldo?
Gonna go to the studio again and then hanging with my new peeps.Peeps who never treat me badly.They support my future.
#tradetebow to the #SAINTS If other teams try to hurt him hes protected
Eric Church is one of nicest men in country music! Played on twice...amazing! Good things happen to good people.
Waiting for these photos to upload. Boring!
#simmonsradio operations manager Heather in secession at #WIBS Staff building, recruiting and training. Check it out from 1:30 to 2:25
Alex Lacamoire moves easily from salsa to country pop in orchestrations for In the Heights (his favorite) and 9 to 5.
Guys in dress pants and nice dress shirts are my weakness.
I'm so happy for , she needs to find someone good for her. Love you girl!
almost there!
Saw a John Bradley DA sign, must be Austin, must be your DAd!!
Spinning at ECCO tonight! Over 200 porn stars are attending the party. Already sold out! It's gonna be insane <3
just plain upset right now.. :(
Just so everyone knows, I look really hot in my new vanna shirt :)
Time for the draft...watching with ice on the knees and on the back. Ah. Let's do this
Devon Johnson is a hater
no theme, just formal event...
Leaving us with #Iz somewhere over the rainbow.
is not as smart as she thinks she is
fersure!!! (: yeah buddy! I am in need of a major workout! :o
Law looking a lot like early #HRO industry. Perhaps some maturity in this market going into '12/'13. #LPO here to stay. #FutureOfLaw - Feb 9
- Hi RexaRae! I never got it....can you re-send it as a Twitter direct message? Thx!.....Lovin' your look btw... :)
Depends if you want private offices, fixed desk, floating, etc. There are tons.
Fight nature with nature.
Frank Vogel named Eastern Conference coach of the month.
The key to successful #leadership today is influence, not authority.-
"Think like a man of action, act like a man of thought." Quote from movie "The International
the Sea Port Marina Hotel Grounds in Long Beach, Saturday May 12th, at 10pm, the tickets is 16
Thank God Wolf has a personal catcher so that we can sit our hottest hitter on the bench all night!
Pei's BOC vs. Foster's HSBC buildings in HK kind of settles the debate in favor of modernism, I'd say.
News Flash! Le Peepers all a twitter 4 today’s $6.99 lunch specials..Ham&White Cheddar Omellete & Slick Chick Sandwich w/ choice of drink!
Thanks so much for following me! Hope you have a great day!
Awesome time last nite performing w/ for a wonderful charitable event! Thx!! <3
"they are the definition of dope...ness"
#infocampseattle Collaboration session causing flashbacks of unsnobbycoffee.com project.
ee how #SDUSD took that "bogus option" here: vosd.org/pVIV1J Simple choice, spend or save, SD chose to spend
Chicago is on point tonight! Corey Wilkes live at the Trinity Episcopal Church! Wallace Roney live at the Jazz Showcase!!!!
Oh and omg @ these gummy worms
It's disgustingly hot inside my house.
Cool RT : #EarthWeek - did you know Ingles recycles cooking oil?
u were pleasure to watch on floor great rookie yr did u give to stiemsma
apparently! Now I'm left all alone by myself 😢
Attn: #CapHillDC! >> #NavyYard peeps: don't forget that Potbelly opened today in -- new lunch option!
please follow me i think that u are so incredible!! ive been a huge fan of u n my fam also lives in sicily!!!
Early morning meeting tomorrow with
Even though I'm just passing a ball back and forth with my nephew, it's amazingly fun.
except they weren't naked and worshipping Whitey in cocoon
Man if life was like a flash of light to go sweet ass school in ohio
#nowplaying florence and the machine
touching bromance you two have going on.
Hey guys, are you following the band members, too? keep up with us!
Gahhh. Still deciding between a vinyl turntable or a digital setup..
Moreno buys minority interest in Bodemeister
anyone else notice that Ethan screams like a girl in #mybabysittersavampire? lol
$110 hots on the line RT : Memphis needs to get this.
It feels good to have Boston public works verify our 8 drops of clorox per gallon of water, wait 30 mins trick...not so good to need it!
Great talk, Molly - reminded me yet again why I enjoy your work so much. So agree 1 World 1 Web.
I set the date for my album cover photo shoot. It's later this month. Things are moving along. So many details!
Hey, Wendy, in case ur interested, 's got great programs lined up incl. J. Marquez, G. Arellano & L. Alcaraz
and if we go to a mexican wedding there is probably a good chance Maria and Juan are getting married
DJ Pauly D in the house!
Well its not gonna make itself
Via October is Funding for the Arts Month! #FCArts #Arts - good reminder to support your local arts and artists!
Cards baby!
Fun to see all the people #sledding in Whitnall Park yesterday; hope more have the basic pleasure of winter motion today! Enjoy #mkesnow!
Smh I'm changing my daughter name again!
"Taxation without stated ability to negotiate labor contracts" just doesn't have the same ring to it though
please please go follow it would mean so much to her! 
good luck in the contest! Did you like Antwan's video? -
It's National Coffee Day #ROC. A day we need to stop and smell the coffee. Cheers to our cups of Joe for getting us through the mornings!
regional happy hour at an award winning project. Way to go Pam.
#kced 1 or 2 free drinks for peeps who come to trivia. BOOYAH
Pam Houston's CONTENTS MAY HAVE SHIFTED. #fridayreads What are you reading?
omg congrats!!!!!! Love is in the air =)
my restless mind just won't stay still. time for moving. or food. or a new hair color.
You're far too kind. Cheers!
Applied for the editorial assistant position with over the weekend! Crossing my fingers!
tattin and partyin at my suite at the cosmo
im glad i have a twitter. i can let out all my pain and nobody will judge me. thanks guys. <3
Gandering at things you want, but can't have. At least, that's how I eventually doze off lol
Have fun!
Hidden by Helen Frost did that! It used a word at the start of each line to create another poem/insight.
Got my first fishing license in Wisconsin for the weekend opener. Only $5. Ready to land a Talapia.
Wow. Eli Manning is at my cousins wedding. What do u know.
Hm yes it is, but it was even MORE delicious in my head.
my son & I cracking up on how Len's score is consistently at least minus 1 from others.
i wonder how franklin the turtle is doing
Yes I was singing #saysomethin , people were like what the f*ck r u singing am lyke o_O its a mahomie ting!! its very catchy!!
ps loved your take on #NFL greed. Those guys need reality check & I hope some of us back away b/c we feed it
Roger waters performing The Wall in its entirety! Not Montreal but one of the only 3 venues from the original tour...I guess this will do.
DJ Cyn Spinnin at CopperTop bottom of Peak 9 (Beaver Run Chair) starting at 2pm! Come get some drinks and listen to beats after you Shred!!
I will check it out! What time will you be there until Friday?
Don't they wear a uniform? RT : Jeter looking good. He always dresses well.
Ridin&#39; for a reason: Event raises funds for public safety scholarships
RT : Yield curves and inflation expectations in Global Economic Environment this morning
hey. Nice face.
Aye Kenneth followbak
2012 WILL BE A FUCKING GOOD YEAR :)
hey boo!
Who are some artists that you want to see us post about? Let us know!
Don't forget 2 watch "The Tonight Show" this Thursday. Pitch 2 America starring the Hollywood Pitch Festival.
#lakers trade Fisher and Walton away. I know many are sad to see Fish go but the practical side of me thinks it was past due.
What the !?$& am I still doing awake? The alarm goes off in 5 hours. I'm going to have to start up a caffeine habit. :P
I know, right! Fairy god mothers rule
Glad to be on board!
So insane I wonder if it's part of a strategy to cop an insanity plea.
STREET BEAUTY ENTERTAINMENT...
Ambulance Tested, Monster Approved
thats no fun... I went to The Used concert with Chris... Good times!
Have fun! Where is the race?
Don't pity the dead. Pity the living. Pity those especially who live without love
New Media Institute’s SLAM Showcase gives students chance to network
Looks like I'm going to breakfast alone! Dese hoes ain't ever on time!
Hope you enjoy the bubbly. See you in LA again soon.
Illness tells us what we are. - Italian Proverb
you're welcome!
I agree
Wow that play was so good it made me depressed.
Thanks for your work on this JMS!
I smell like
Really impressed with the elaborate staging of Mary Poppins!
Girls just wanna have fun has got to be one of my favorite dance movies
See everyone tonight at Belle Isle Brewery.
more dead authors for your list, : Reorb.it's fellow travelers include the wry , & (just joined us)
I am loving twitter right now, hoot hoot!!!!
Now back at home enjoying the rain and watching movies the rest of the night ^_^
my first day of summer break and I am driving to muncie. I feel like I am doing this wrong
me neither
fine, you win :( haha
: "I watched NO COUNTRY IN OLD MEN and now I feel like Tommy Lee Jones represents 35mm and Chigurgh is Alexa cinematography."
#AmITheOnlyPersonThat thinks they need to stop remaking the "Paranormal Activity" movies? They're getting old already!
Only the good shit smoked in this bowl
hello from California. Thanks for following.
#69Factsaboutme 49. I love playing my guitar.
I hate always having to say, "I can't. I have to study." I wish people would stop asking me to do things! 😠
Trust is the easiest thing to lose and the hardest thing to get back.
Going to the stupid grocery store to cook my own stupid food and I'll never know what a waffle slider is.
congrats on your partnership with !
us fans would like to be put on IR as well.
Well, tonight really hit the replay button. Except, hit a little harder. #tiredandworeout Tomorrow I can finally
Jacoby Ellsbury's Emmy dress has weird bubble things on it.
Oh sh!t tonight at the box! Doing saint partys day right!
Fire UC Davis Police Chief Annette Spicuzza. 35 ARMED LARGE Armored police officers on the scene,
lovin the vibe at the Artisan. Mo mojito's please
did you use the pack of cards as a portion model?
Fear is not a problem. Wisdom comes through suffering and wisdom comes through acceptance. Whatsoever the case, be at ease with it.
Great day. Plus, I'm seein tonight in MKE // only issue: I can't find my Oasis t-shirt. Either way, GREAT day.
good luck tomorrow!
They are my power animal, though.
Cant be nice to rachet ppl
yes. Jake started Woodjock in 2010 during spring training
me too
I've never heard it read aloud. Fee-PRAY-SEE, with a French R?
“: There is nothing convenient about getting, being or staying Great! Greatness is about Hard Work!”
This is digged by , , and
The New York Rangers are at the garden tonight.
#Dragic stop being a punk. Just play basketball. Yeah you're a below average NBA player, but live with it
No one knows u better than urself trust ur own judgement
we need a guy to call the show right now 414-799-1099
HARRY! omg i love you♥ please follow me:D x
congrats buddy.
Last full week of high school... Crazy.
Thanks as always for the RT! Hope your Monday is going well! :)
Never say die. Say "dice." Otherwise people will know you play Dungeons & Dragons.
In class ....just breezed through my final..yes...
any specific aspect of D & G? Let me know as I have a large folder full of PDFs pertaining to these dudes
I'm srry I rly am pls don't be mad Naomi ),:
let's build a guitar
dude makes high modernism much more interesting.
Coming Monday deets on a MASSIVE Mother's Day Gift to win for your mom, but you should still get her a card, Moms LOVE THAT MUSHY STUFF!
ok when do you want to do this awsome party xD lol
Omg this kid scares me
yea :( no phone, can only be on the computer until 8:30 :(
Dark Knight, thanks for following!
with that being said, my 1year old is a cry baby
I bet can help!! : #Beer. Looking for a list of beer festivals in Milwaukee and nearby this summer. Can you help?
24 But through dedication to God, Enoch was not found to dwell in matter, for he reached at-one-ment with everlasting Life, God^.
Bedroom body
lmfao... Im so damn goofy...
“: Scandal, Scandal...just brilliant!”
Missing my family, but very happy to be in Boulder. Just a great place to be.
Yes true, awareness should be spread first! Thank you for your views !
is this factual? Lmao
Buck Island Farm has Vidalias, tomatoes, squash and zucchini, eggplant, red and sweet potatoes and more. Fill your fridge with VA GROWN!
it's kool
lol I get it
See you tomorrow at 6pm for #MMA #Conditioning . #Effective #Dallas #Fitness #Alternative www.MMACondition.com
In queens with my sis Sammy stam da boss
The reason one supporter says he hesitates to back : Says Mourdock might be too partisan
Louis C.K. would make an awesome Ghostbuster
then clearly we need to schedule remedial training next weekend!
We saw Hoda running up Harlem Hill! Go Hoda! RT : Just finished my 1st #nyrr 10k race! did you see me?
here to a good one
Decided to forego an audition after finding it was located in the bachelor pad ontop of a hill with no sign of life in sight.
haha , that's mess up o_O ha well I'm in English class & that sounds pretty fuckinf cool I've always wanted to bowl -:0 but
If u say I look like I'm like 23 then fuck it I'm 23
Hello from Portland, OR... Good choice PR Communications at Clearpoint. When do you next PackABag&Go?
I don't care about your bomb ass weed my nigga I got some good shit right here :)
RT: I got it quick this time trying to beat :)
All the VIP 'request an invite' parties at #sxsw make me feel like I'm in high school again.
Oh Carlson so close!!!!!!!
Happy Friday! It's DIAMOND DAY here! Which is always my favorite day, obviously.
Ask yourself whether you are happy and you cease to be so
private instructor? sweet!!
nicola who?? You're basically telling me wait 3 years and the Bulls will be a contender! Lol
Sorry for the negativity last night. I was very impulsive and frustrated. I am fine now and have sorted things out for now. Good morning :)
i hate the spam that be on here
G-men!
follow her now
If you like all time low you'll definitely like us. Check us out. Facebook.com/johnnyrockette and help spread the word :-)
Penny Bigger better than Groupon:
Who's seeing The Avengers this weekend? We've already got our tickets!
- All I needed was one more field goal :( </3
yay! on board w tech wrap-up from ala midwinter
lol u knoww where I beez at lol RT : WHERE HAVE YOU BEEN ALL MY LIFE??
Two days in DC. Happy to be home.
If you miss a dunk because a little white boy almost packs you then you don't deserve a flagrant foul call
Awesome! What time should I be there?
Let them hate you continue to love
The Dream Ma Dukes Had About Me (n) :o
What luck for rulers that men do not think. ~ Adolf Hitler
Michael, you already have this position at a wonderful non-profit! :)
Hugs 2u,keep up the good work
Finally about to see #projectX. Then reliving it afterwards with in roch town
Correctish answer from my midtermThe only clear conclusion to be drawn is that Ted Dansen (whoever that is) was once tall and is now small.
thanks i will ;)
7 student applications in 1 day... Hiring madness has started. Everyone wants to work in the library!
u hit them belly roles?
my life is over. no tickets for ? someone kill me now. literally crying my eyes out now.
On Fri, 9:15-10 am ET, BJS Dir Jim Lynch, discusses role of corrections in society on C-Span’s televised call-in pgram, Washington Journal.
Came across my $1 bill that says Beautiful Series. Glad to see it knowing that series was a true turning point for me. Thanks
Life is like riding a bike . In order to keep your balance , you gotta keep moving (:
what are long-term rentals in Key West going for? Any chance of a 1-1 for under $1,300 that allows a big dog? He's old and mellow.
Smoke sum'n today, tho. RT : Smoke a lil weed but her shit together.
RT Among 1000 men who smoke 1 will b murdered 6 will die in traffic accident 250 will die from smoking diseases
ignore the 10 hour delay and the answer is great what up
Be a good Texan. Buy an extended cab pickup. Don't forget the horse trailer! ;-)
so happy to see you! If you grab drinks to celebrate your hard work today, let me know.
Happy mother's day to Ms. Keller, whose son couldn't even drive home to see her
thanks girl!!<3 -b
Friday Afternoon Club? YES PLEASE!!! So if you're 21 and older, come on in and join us on this lovely day!
“: love your fans n respect your supporters 1 of the keys to success #ijs” < Huh???
Your past may not equal your future; but it gives strong indications as to what you might get in the present.
Happy Thanksgiving everyone!
Had To Put My contacts back in my phone!!!!!!
So far my weekend is great! God is good!!!
I hate when you have to awkwardly sit in the car with your friend as theyre mom is yelling at them
I can't tell if they speak Spanish, French, or Russian...
Saying "One berry, two berry, pick me a blueberry" makes me smile each time it passes my lips.
I don't remember being at school today, I barly remember being at my friends after school. lmao
Bored at work.
You mean Sunday?
We're now tied. If he scores or steals a base, I lose.
Hope it's a good move. I might move in a couple of years. May follow my daughter to college. Hawaii is too far from everything
hahaha!! Yup!! xD I think I'm the only one who does that! :D
Ongoing debate b/w #crowdsourcing & curation of content. How do we select stories or do surrender and let them select us ?
OK I'm gonna,make a scene. time to come clean!
i haven't listened to watch the throne / lil waynes new 1…but the article 2 me was pretty poignant from what i know/understand
Great to see telling #EwingKauffman's story at
Had a nice night and even stayed sober enough to drive myself home!!
How 'bout those Ravens, Dr. Bob? Do you get back home to Baltimore often enough to see any Ravens home games?
Anyone got the #christmasinwashington links? Can't wait to see the awesome performances
If there was a hell for Words With Friends, you'd perpetually have a seven letter word and nowhere to play it.
hope chipper finds a way to hit 46 dingers this yr
I'm about a week behind but am watching Oprah's LifeClass The Tour. Just what I need right now but so many commercials. Sigh.
Planning super awesome road trip up Oregon coast. Sea lion caves, tidal pools, possibly lots of looking at inside of my eyelids. Niice.
Hot hate heat, mall punk, cold source, Eileen Chang, pukelele, our magic hour, goat salt, Pink Smog: I have a story to fell.
Congrats! Welcome to the Wolf Pack
Read, read, read. Do, do, do. ~ Louis L'Amour
Great visit with my colleagues. Thanks for having me present to your chapter on Core Competencies!
Wow, just witnessed my first perfect game by Ryan #Humber sitting at the airport w , what an ending! That was close!
#Halloween party tonight at 9:30pm. Cash prize for top 3 costumes and DJ Joanie B. will be playing all your favorites
To celebrate Max's successful hearing test, getting some new music (with Sarah at Record Theatre)
It's shaping up to be a wonderful day! Great things are happening ;) - hope you all are enjoying you day just as much as I am.
Gettin my hair did (:
Bear Grylls or Les Stroud needs to do a two-hour special on how to survive the DMV
Tweet us! Let us know you still want this band going!!! We want your opinions..
oh ur in trouble wat did u do
You're sexy as fuck, youfuck
30.5k on final break... gogogogo! race to the top!
The part of the sentence that happens after "but" matters way more than the part before it… pay attention!
Ethics are practices that lead to trust (Rosen via Zion). But my students trust their friends & not companies/institutions
oh hey! Great idea. We could have a paper-writing party tonight. Because that's what I'm doing :(
No, no, the vodka offer came only *after* you accepted the story. But there *was* vodka drinking during the writing. >.>
FINALLY!!! KNICKS brings down the HEAT. Go Knicks
I've been well. Perhaps lunch is in order some day soon. My weekend is open and I could venture to Madison.
You need to love yourself before you can love anyone else.
I am such a big #RObot!!
George to Martha:I should enjoy more happiness&felicity in 1 month with you at home than I have the most distant prospect of reaping abroad
Happiness depends upon ourselves. - Aristotle
one of the meaningless and time-consuming things I have to do: write various lengthy self-evaluation reports. sigh.
At least watching #paint dry isn't as boring as watching grass grow!
Well, this trip is manageable. Bulls without D-Rose, Lakers possibly without Bynum, Kings/Blazers. Need 2 at least.
i Hate Homeworks
thanks baby! love you and can't wait to hangout!! :)
Crazy is a good word here.
Hell yeah, thank you. The whole EP is on YouTube and we're recording our full length right now!
The person I'm texting>>>>>>
done with my first final
Dear essay/book report thing w.e the teacher called you i don't wanna have anything to do with you k!!!
“: I think our own ID is in constant flux" couldn't agree more. Often wall off my different audiences/facets online #futrchat”
RT - Did u know? Camden Yards opened 4/6/92. #Orioles vs the Cleveland Indians. Our game on 7/15 will be against the Ind...
REAL TALK @ IAMHEALTHYHAIR
got seat assignment moved AND 2 free drink tickets! Nice!
Someone text me , I need new directioner & ICONiac friends :-)
ground up animal organs/byproducts...
Works for me!
craziness! glad to hear that it was well-attended too. hope the ppt and ballots worked out.
Just followed a few ppl. Now im ret ta go.
"I'm mad we all look malnourished but your ass still look fat!!" I love my number 5 lmao
your only getting BETTER!!...enjoy you day!
ad people love to TALK about what's not happening in the industry a lot more than they like DOING something about it.
I had a zotero meltdown last night! All my Spanish citations got screwed up. Finally figured it out after hours of despair.
Hah, fair enough.
that's a bad goal on Holtby. not even sure how that puck got on the net. but whatever. Build on it. Now.
DESIREE!!! I know I've said this about a billion times haha but Good Luck girlie!!!!!!!!! LOVE YOUU!!!<333
aw how sweet
yeah! After she hitter her goal she changed her account! She used Bieber & Beliebers.
NICEVILLE - interesting, alot of plot lines. Creepy.
cool can't wait to wish u happy-birthday
I actually work at a pizza restaurant, so it helps me to cut down!
Virgins getting attached is such a strange but true concept
Its the weekend!!
I updated the website w/ 2 posts- one on info our big fundraiser and another from
“: Yeah I can't even f*ckin sleep.” k tweet abt it
Trombone for the win! Nice!
Yep! “: Oh, you talk shit about our mutual friend to me? I can't wait to leave so you can talk shit about me too.”
NOTE TO SELF: Do not REPEAT Do not wear Low Riders to work! You have no "booty" for that, Boy!
Damn I feel bad for DRose
Lake Conroe resort undergoing some changes by lakeconroe
Remembering Dr. Leon C. Wilkerson at today and his passion for
Nothing beats southern hospitality
<3 RT : the weez has landed in Pittsburgh, a mighty fine city. tonight lets rock together.
Finding someone that you love is like finding the last piece of the puzzle, you need it to make your life complete.
I was totally grossed out by that article. Definitely plan on changing my contact routine!
On the way to wales great british championships !!!!.
your welcome, thank you as always :-)
Never, ever help from strong side corner against even average players. Vs good ones it's automatic 3 pter
We got this. Watch out ATL, fear the deer!
Please bullpen... Don't blow this one
RT : "Life is what happens to you while you're busy making other plans." -John Lennon
Wasuuuup mufuckah where my money at? #allstarweekend Lets go!
Lol @ how Christina Aguluiera (or how ever you spell her name) hugs the beibs last night
The family is s over watching the race for
Someday in the future, we'll get a radio station called "The Joint" with their call letters stamped on rolling papers or small baggies.
Did you get my email last week?
lol YES! hahaha i love it
It is raining in Detroit, Michigan. I am happy!
cato is so hot
#Mahler Symphony No 2 is without a doubt one of the best pieces ever written. #excellence in
both I think.
You know Romney is a rich guy when he names his kids after $$$ watches, like Tag.
Who likes forgetting there were 4 candidates?
Working at I now have the best dining options of any job I've ever had. Sushi from Joss today; surprisingly tasty!
Making me laugh until I cry :)
don't do it, yolo! :) lol
There can be only one!
Anyone want to hang out?
I didn't know you were visiting the philly zoo today. Hope you had a good time :)
now has 10 text messages that he cannot read.
I know! its not suppose to be out yet.... but he doesn't have to knoww(;
please follow me I'm a big fan
Tip of the day: if you want to make your team get 2 records at once then alls you got to do is make it look like you werent trying to lose.
what's good?
On a day in #Detroit like today, a moujadara pita sounds about right!
Grind Smarter....
you're awesome buddy!
RT is proud to sponsor Manchester Mondays ! Every Monday you can hear a great mix of Britpop & indie rock!
do you offer seamless tape hair extensions? We offer free classes! and 10% off your order when you mention twitter!
OH SHIT! Ume is opening that show for Helmet & The Toadies! SUPER AMPED!
Please tell me this illini alert is a mistake & there is no shooter on uiuc campus?! "Active shooter at BUILDING NAME/INTERSECTION."
uh no YOUR mesh top is "aggressive."
oh god, imaaa get a ton of shit for what I just did, ohgeeeze
Thank you for the RT and also for looking absolutely FAB in our dress! We'd definitely love another round :)
Fck it we out!!
Grape soda is so difficult to come by in Scotland. And it costs $1.50 a can. Definitely worth it though.
the non-tour stuff is usually on anvil, which is pretty industry-standard. :>)
I met your friend Carli Beall last night.
Relieved. (But yes, bittersweet, too.)
This weekend is going by way too fast.
that's good. How's life
I don't need to be recruited. If it involves an IHOP run, I'm there.
Putting Cheez Its in my hoodie pocket was a bad idea.
I have been listening to the Disney Pandora station for 7 hours straight.. I'm ready for The Lion King now !!
let's argue about politics. It's about time.
hoping my knee feel better soon so i can run the #rocknroll #half in #DC this weekend!!! ugh
you will enjoy it.
recovered the pics of #rogerclemens i took in '05 just before he yelled at me! gotta watermark these bad boys & try to market a few...
When I'm at Home On a School Day, I Look At The Clock And Think, "Haa! Those B*tches Are In Math class
Just caught your interview with Rose and Millar from the beginning of Rangers series. HILARIOUS stuff. Go O's!
don't even play...I would buy them!
Of course! What a great project.
they used to come out good , like extremely good until I went to some lady that fucked them up n others kept doing that shape -.-
6 minutes until 's birthday!!
This dude go the linsanity haircut lmao
[LIVE TWEET] Science and Policy beyond the Linear Model.
she be trippin too and miss pekoc be talkin to us like we slow
Oh, we'll its all for World Peace. That makes it all better then.
yes ma'am!
Thank u sir. I actually read about your Bianco before I tasted it. But my husband would love your Manhattan recipe. Do u share?
Only you, you're the only thing I'll see forever. In my eyes, in my words and in everything I do.
I really miss my bluetooth headset! if I rip my ears out one more time on that darn cord I might go crazy, or end up in a roadside ditch...
GO FOR IT!
yay! Glad you're feelin better, lady :)
I know you just won the masters, but get a better hairstyle!
hahahah, it's a real good one. It's my "give me money" face.
Just got a win SAAN!! Bangin like a biscuit!
FIRST ON CNN: Romney drops challenge for OH delegates - CNN (blog)
Think Freely !.
I would to, and re-enact scenes from the X Files while I was doing it.... but I might be a nerd...
hey thanks for the daily five mention
Off to the mall soon for a much needed hair appt lol. Hope everyone enjoys their Saturday <3
My Hawaiian wedding countdown continues...2 weeks left until I'm Mrs. Christopher Darnyl Lemon!
Love this: post on Instagram, with a cool shared Evernote notebook — totally useful!
Yay thank you!
She still remembers my favorite kind of poptarts.... that kinda meant sumn to me.
Much LoVe to all Veterans! Thank You!!!!
Don't miss the tour of the ADS Central Station on 6/26 at the ESX Show. Sign up today to reserve your spot before it's gone!
I WILL BUY YOU ONE ONLINE AND SEND IT TO YOU
so you passionately love gossip?
You have all 10 of my votes!!!
Getting ready to take the stage tonight...
I have seen mine with iPad and has twitter account
This little cunt yo.. She better watch herself or she will have some big problems coming her way. #I'mNotPlayingGames
Oh, Sunday Night TV. You give me life. Mad Men, Good Wives, all playings Games. Of power. And Thrones.
“: I forgot to put deodorant on.” 😳😷
I have no clue that my Gatorade looks like a giant wang.
Next year the bobcat of going to the playoffs lmbo
Caterina Scorsone is killing me right now.
If any of you lovely publicists or studio folk want to donate swag for our donation drive, email
What's the diff between a Rottwieler and a Poodle? If Rotty starts humping your leg, let it finish.
Dq with Jacob mom and joey ! :)
Come over this weekend to help me edit some of the #LearnFromTheMaster footage! It's looking awesome!
I'm sorry, correct nomenclature: "NOIDist" (via )
Wish it would snow, I so want to go skiing!!!
Thanks for the follow! Huge fan right here. Props.
At least I'll get to see the keynotes and read all of the daily news writeups -- something I never quite accomplished when attending
Lu Lu's Beehive is packed right now. Great show !!
A5: give avg fan unique access via on-site content or digital interaction w/ players/team
I have Emotions. You don't DUH!!
I'm going June 18th to Myrtle beach. But still!
dead as in dieing of laughter =D
that is a win! Thanks
classic. we should use this system to name our band.
in hip hop?
RT #Leos are overprotective only cause they wanna make sure nobody hurts you at the end of the day
When your sorbet melts from the freezer not being closed all the way
Is it too late for a run around Druid Hill Park? It's too late for a run around Druid Hill park.
I would like to introduce Payline Data to your company. Check us out!
didn't even text me back!
#FF - interesting tweets about film; - links to interesting articles smart guy with new blog
thanks for the advice
Worldwide- need females for 4min self recorded ass shaking video. Pay ranges from 300 to 1,000 dollars. Get paid today via Western Union.
Did I mention that the Third Man is my favorite movie?
Big time!!!!! Congrats brother! RT : NCAA D2 Salem International University as a full time assistant
Friday Humor: To err is human, but to really foul things up you need a computer. - Paul Ehrlich
Get out of the rain & head to the Artsgarden today for lunch & live music. Luke Austin Daugherty takes the stage at 12:15.
great shot!! I hope he comes back to Orlando in the next couple of years. Can't wait to take my boy!
If I open my own coffee shop, it'll be named The Crematorium.
no problem, I see your signs around #DC all the time. Do you do industrial/commercial real estate at all?
The Phil phillips band.
There is a New Star On The Horizon. PapaJoe's Fiber Cookie Mix.Go to my Web Site to request [Sample} and Info
Why can't i just get over you already?!! Oh ghaaad! Help me!
Dude at the bar tried to start a fight with me for drawing. Said my drawing was boring him... didn't realize i was the entertainment
ebay. i've sold a van and a boat on there with good success
not much, wbu?
Really enjoyed "The Top 5 Social Media Networks" webinar with this morning! Replay available soon!!
So tired I just wanna sleep really tho
did you enjoy your voice mail from :')
St. Mary's vs. Salisbury!? Good one.
Omg , Dani is such a ratard !.
Just had to tell someone that submitting a FOIA request via fax is totally '80s. I mean, come on .... really?
thanks sis! :D s/o to my numba!
My headphones are in stop talking to me
Gas prices...wth?!
I need to be sleep.
#HappyMothersDay! I love my mommy<3
dude I just dide mine yesterday. it sucks blumkins haha
I'm a high hat machine made of high tension wire cord, don't pluck with me or I'll snap and possibly REMOVE YOUR EYEBALL.
When their infants wake in the night, the babymanderers equivocate them back to sleep.
JUST CAME BACK FROM MY FIRST CHEERLEADING TRYOUT!!!<3 WOAAHH IT WAS SO MUCH FUNN :P
Final at 10 😳
; lol, sweet, you must have been in a deep sleep.
i feel so weird right now shaved my face i feel like a baby and look alot younger xd
Rancho Gordo's chili pepper goes on the salmon too. I love Rancho Gordo. It's not just beans.
I'm at the library now and was literally just thinking to myself about how loud the librarians were! #areyoume?
Follow Please.!! She Wants You To Follow Her REALLY BAD :)
A coon in need is a coon indeed.
!!+||+ G1 BLOWING UP CLUB MATRIX ON SATURDAY...SEE THE PICTURES --> WWW.G1PARTY.COM
Fake laughter is the best reassurance....for others.
Coffee and holiday music - a great combo! Have a great Wednesday :)
We are the New generation! Let's stand together and let our voices be heard among the nations! Glory to God Forever!
Dear Mr Sims, Sincerely
Christmas grocery shopping with the determined suburban moms of NJ makes wall street look like child's play
yeah, could be worse I guess.
Getting your picture with Zac Efron would be lucky because...
Oreo cheesecake :) ►
RT : Decide to be happy...Smile today... A smile is a curve that sets everything straight."
I'm actually too hot sitting outside in my coat.
Worked on Mastering some Christmas music today. Seems too early for that, but guess it isn't!
Counting down the days!
i put a bunch of mags in the laundry room :)
It's Fondue night! Hot, melted Roth Kase Grand Cru Gruyere, w/ chunks of Madison Sourdough Country Loaf. Tasty way to take off the chill.
S/O TO Mi COUSiN FOR HAViNG REAL LONG HAiR DON'T CARE!..iT RUNS iN THE FAMiLY!...💋
whose ready to hear the new song friday ???
Seeing the Dictator with Kellllie tonight (: We've been waiting for this to come out for months!!
and i feast when i conquer.
Oh I totally plan on it! I'm doing fantabulous! lol :) Everything is finally good to go and I
love you<3 (:
Also, Jesus didn't hang out with "Those in charge". What part of "Love One Another" do you not understand, Rick???
lol, yeah, i landed it. thanks for following me
Fingers crossed!
Miami is not in Arizona.
Did you hear Jeff Collins this morning- Who is planning on coming in and asking Donna and Amanda to do what he said? Can't make it-...
If you are interested in writing, craft, and publishing, you really have to follow
meet That's where I got my awesome bag (and plan to get more - sorry I'm slow, Austin!).
and EJ must be on our timeline!
We are based in San Francisco, but the website we hope to grow into a global community! Please join to be first in Cleveland!
right?? His last one was like in october....
'American Idol' Continues Downward Ratings Trend
yeah my mom isn't very happy. So what's up?
RT thanks!! I LOVE that song! It knocks so hard!!!!! <- Um that's not my name, lmao..
im going to be there every weekend the lineup is just crayyyyyyyy
your icon with you and Alex is so cute c;
"Can you do me a favor?" are 6 word I hate hearing. In other words, I give you what you want and get nothing in return.
Do people really buy Mother's Day gifts off the side of the road?
I was a little sad earlier, but now I feel better! :)
im higher than a plane & i dont wanna land
Greg, those flower close-ups are fantastic! :)
I'm sorry but I do not like boyfriend.
you don't grind, you don't shine..
I'm a project manager
I'm tired and want to focus on my real job
I am the ow in the word now!
Great workout this morning! Great to see our regulars
yuh. i saw ya'll at sweat records a while back at the metro zu show. message me mayne
How you know? RT : Hell naw The Game fired Tia and Pooch aka Melody and Derwin! Well I want watch the show
hey morning chmpudines
Got approval for my dance from my grandson. Getting ready for my big day.
People be jealous of our
NASCAR takes the week of for Easter. Conversely, the Masters Tournament was played yesterday. Conclusion, golfers are pagans.
#Occupy isn't getting as much attention at #mla12 as I expected. Has the academy's activism turned largely inward?
As usual I'm too busy doing nothing, to find something useful to do, I really should finish off writing the sitcom I started
Truth will set you free
You Really Got Problems Ok. Someone Needs To Teach You A Lesson Before I Do
i know, they are. they helped me through the late 90s. [fyi. she's now transitioned to macy gray!]
lmao i promise i will !
is twitering at the other side of the room.
I think ur ALREADY drunk. Lmao!
I love you so, so, so much! <3
aw how come?? And just been super busy working
Party time
What kind of car are you buying?
Unless we make out I'm not honey, sweetie, darling, or dear.
Getting ready to head back to Tisch for my final performance in the 5th Floor Theater at 111 Second Ave! These 3 years have FLOWN! :)
spring break needs to come early
Who wants to know what we are giving away when we hit 500 likes? It's going to be our biggest giveaway yet.
Colts draft RG3. Redskins get screwed. Browns trade Colt McCoy to get RG3. Luck lands in Seattle.
What u eating? : I hate waitin...especially on FOOD!!!
Tricks and treachery are the practice of fools, that don't have brains enough to be honest.-Benjamin Franklin
Thanks so much. Exciting opportunity and great people! Happy Holidays!
is that much prettier without braces #howisthatpossible?
Calling Girls Lacrosse Somerset County Finals and Morris County Finals all on Saturday!!! Great matchups!!!
Feelin like I got tiger blood
Appreciate it!
I don't put much stock in the whole "appearance of evil" thing, but I do for the "appearance of good". :D
dont do it. root for the orange . think orange and black. still some room on the #Flyers bawagon. I'm driving.
The Mila Kunis and interview in is hysterical
Joan gives students a self-assessment at beginning and end of classes. Candy as incentive.
Off to the after party :)
Had dinner at Baru on Friday and I'm STILL thinking about how delicious it was!
Is a recipe a genre? yes! a collection of conventions, a way of organizing.. write a recipe about the writing process!
Hes weeping in the lockerroom right now RT : Homie was back on the bench before the ball even hit the rim
Hello Mz Lady
We call it Reverb Gulch
I know it was a big game but come on people u don't have to run over our players
- i meant follow. And i love you for the star you are, not like coco- you two are great! ok- gotta watch the end
History was never made by thinking, I'll do it tomorrow.
DAMN GET AT ME...SOUNDS LIKE YOU NEED TO BE TOUCHED...
On my way to work
Congrats on move to join the team! Looks like an exciting team and great space!!
Science is simply common sense at its best that is, rigidly accurate in observation, and merciless to fallacy in logic.
And then an award for the best tweet about the best article about the prize for the best literary prize...
yeah ya do “: I go back to December all the time....”
#RT if you miss Caroline & Tyler scenes
has been waking up, off and on, with foot cramps. This started at 1.30 am. I would pay dearly for a foot massage.
Just finished my research paper :O ...tired
I'm so beautiful lol
you're listening to the wrong country music!
Just booked 2 jobs for next week. Good things come in 3's so I suppose I'm gonna have to kill that audition later... #imaluckygirl : )
He'll be a freshman nxt year. Wow he was 6 last time I saw him. #smh at my ddy
Thinking of -- hope you are killing it in your race today!
I'm prepping for tonight! Look forward to seeing you Saturday! :)
Aw I look you look cute... I mean we totally look crazy, but cute crazy ;)
I'm gonna kill myself working every day this week...Saturday get here soon please
In one week I'll be enjoying Atlantic Beach. Give me sun, sand, and a tan.
I was so pumped bout eventual Heat/Bulls final. Now the #NBA playoffs have lost their luster cuz of one injury.
Spending time focusing on customers rather then competitors - words from the wise. Come on out for our last session!
Loved LIGHT. Can I ask: what was structural reason for making Kearney such an antihero? It works, but I don't know why.
#teamfollowback TEN MORE! I FOLLOW BACK <3
HAPPY BIRTHDAY MC!!!!! ..little late to the party
Started judging the 2012 SIIA CODIE Awards. Amazing products out there!
Good morning to our best followers! What’s your ideal breakfast goodies?
IT MEAN THE WORLD TO ME JUST TO HAVE AMAZING YOU TO FOLLOW ME IM SO PROUD OF U PLEASE FOLLOW ME TONIGHT UR AMAZING ADOABLE <33
#MarchMadness Long beach brought some loud fans. Team needs em. Low scoring first 5 mins. Band playing Lady GaGa
recommends using #thrive to manage your Twitter presence - scheduling, analytics and more
Thank you!!! RT good luck bro!!
The Super Bowl champion Green Bay Packers brought back linebacker A.J. Hawk on Thursday, one day after cutting him.
abc family or just abc ? Thanks !
Changing the light bulb on a radio tower?
u really gonna make me cry :'( ur ok with that ?
go with tostitos and cheese dip instead of doritos, unless you can find the wasabi ones
RT : . Thanks for the follow. I really enjoyed listening to your new composition for the HBO sports trailer....
Watching virgin diaries on tlc, this girl had a first date with a guy that was dubbed best single guy ever...I don't remember being on show
Lauren, I have loved you since the moment you walked in the ro. I am rooting for you!!
Comments like you in a sun dress and raining require pictures for the visual effect of the moment... :-)
*blink* What? Harvard's out of the tourney already?
In Fresno, playing tonight at the Brick for the Jazz Fresno, show at 7 pm
Is it okay for me to take advantage of your low self-esteem for my own sexual gratification? I promise I'll wear a tie.
happy friday! are you wearing your cat-eye sunnies this wknd? round lenses are also hot shapes this season!
for my speech I'm going to thank Nate 4 all he does 4 distance athletes @ Dimond. So I'm giving him a present. A puppy!
You're welcome! Have a good day!
Even though I do not like to read long books, there is a ton of books that I would love to read someday.
Work to become, not to acquire. - Elbert Hubbard
I'm truly #ForeverAlone 😔
The Gross Clinic is a regional gem
Mixed emotions ...
see?! and now you're tired, right?
What the hell... needs to show the match!
"Can the museum keep up?" Wynne Greenwood at
STALL: I-5 southbound @ Capitol, left lane blocked, expect delays
realized spraypaint stencil street art is a lot more difficult than I originally expected. insert "#inspiringfailurekeepatitquote" here :)
is it weird that I'm considering going to Walgreens on my break to buy some? Because I'm super close to doing that.
hahahaha I cannot wait to hear about it!! Btw I'm proud of both of us for getting straight As!!
dude holy shit. I do not remember listening to chumbawumba. We listened to chumbawumba?
thats whats up.. yo my cuszo is a producer as well he is currently working with dame dash lol so he say lol naw he is.
Despite the name, has good vegan salads (lentil and quinoa). However, I couldn't find a recycling bin!!
is anyone gonna be there tonight?
What's up Twitter big dream loves ur follows CBS here we come
time to upgrade girl!! I love my iphone and I was a blackberry girl forever!
Get over yourself. you turn in to such a dick.
W.O.W. our pals are taking the world by storm! congrats buds xo
Sounding great. RT : About to co host with !!! First time for doing this! I'm excited! So if your in Nashville listen in!
Is it raining where you are in #SanDiego?
I'm kidding calm down xD
tel me about it pshhh
Out here making moves in this heat ☀
It just became more refined.
hey how's it goin?
Dis bs jus blew me....an i dnt even smoke.....
CHEATING Doesn't Necessarily Mean Fuckinggg Or Kissing, Once You Find Yourself Deleting Text So They Wont See 'Em... You're There... ♥
deflated.... Lakers almost came back and took it :-/
I have often wondered what it is that makes so many people flock to these relationship books that have ZERO credibility
Its official..GMB shirts will be here by the end of the week!
Maurice Sendak: Thank you for making bedtime magical.
NOBODY cares! Unless you're getting married and know you're going to spend the rest of your life with this girl, you can't talk about it
Nearly two-thirds of internet users – 65% – have paid to download or access some kind of online content from the internet
you are so bad
Damn mosquitos. RT : Mosquitoes have killed more humans than all the wars in history.
ugh some people these days .... gosh just makes me want to hit someone
At the time of the Baylor game Texas was a top 5 D in the country. Ended the season at #11 overall, #1 in Big12.
Y'all should trend #FamilyOfTrenchers and #MarianasTrenchMonday :)
"Come and put your name on it...." butt tattoos never seem like a good idea.
Looking forward to some peace and quiet on Nov 3!
and those sunglasses aren't exactly doing him any favors either.
Dude I just really wanna meet you!
someone went for a bike ride and is pooped. It's not me
Wisdom is a sacred communion.
Lockout or Cabin In The Woods? I need some help twitter!!
I think ice cream might be required to help ease the headspinning.
sure was a tease! i won't be by TV for 6news. can u tell me what casino? not a gambler, want to know 4 personal reasons- will tell you
I second this thought: RT Will someone please take me to Coachella? I'm a good travel buddy, I promise...
I am seriously starting to like Emily Osment.
yes. are doing a great job with big data. was thinking about the connection between going solo and our maps. 1/2
S/o to Time to make
god is real
You ladies have a good night! Take drink for me lol
This is vocal, not dance.
Oh the weather outside is frightful but Amici's is so delightful. If you've no place to go, join us 4 some Joe! dinner + coffee drinks = yum
Members of : these 2 bad bills R not being heard this morning because of ur phone calls 2#CA Senators (who need time 2think)
#artpolitics can these techniques be used against military? Styles of spectral audio or technological uncanny.
I enjoy people who talk shit behind my back & not my face. Cause that makes them so much more tougher right?
i absolutely loved my dress from you - got it in dupont wash d.c., ivory silk shantung- i recommend you all the time!
what channel lol xD i've never seen it
Guys if March Madness ended right now I would totally win my bracket!
I can't wait till wednesday omg
I've watched past episodes on computer through HBO website.
na its cool where u from?
you guys are seriously amazing idk what i would do if i never found yall<3 i love yall so much!!!
Interviewing students for summer research position.
Thank you Lord for this midday breeze!
no problem! I've sent them love!
The thought of eating a marshmallow makes me feel literally sick
Saw Bucky Badger at the #UW Homecoming parade. I said hi to him, but I don't think he recognized me from the fun run.
I'll keep dreaming until my dreams become reality.
bitches gonna ride with who they thinks a winner , and I'll be smiling incase they take a picture ✌
Doing it right now. LOL
Spinning tonight at Big nose Kate's from 12 -3 21+ only
Another quake in Tulsa!
&#39;Reasons Why You Should Study In a Christian College ...
RT : Dear iPhone owners: please change your ringtone from the default. | Nope. I'm a proud defaulter!
Orioles need some runs to win this second game
Funny. Thanks, now its in mine, too. Just followed them on Twitter, should be interesting.
its simple, John Boehner hates children and America
Sweet! I heard about these micro loans this is excellent thanks!
I need both
Jack Handey Deep Thoughts~ If life deals you lemons why not go kill someone with the lemons (maybe by shoving them down his throat)
I do. It's in the front flap of my black Swiss Army laptop bag. Go ahead and grab it. I was sitting across the aisle from you guys
#HappyHalloween! Check out the spooktacular Sunrise crew at 6:30 for the big costume reveal! Any guesses as to what they'll be?!
did u install viber yet so I kan kall u
Him : why dont u say nun when u see me ... ME: MAYBE CAUSE YOUR ASS DONT KNOW HOW TO SPELL
Nah real talk. She caught a stray bullet. She is in a wheel chair. She's good though. I just try to spend time with her.
are ya guys having spaghetti after the voice? Is that why Kristina is wearing a colander for a hat!?
and the fb thing is funny as hell I think.. But I'm gonna lay off with all that.. Face to face is more fun
Today's Magic Relationship Word is: PASSION
Like most people I can be lazy, so it's nice to have a goal or deadline or reason to work out
“: Making texting while driving illegal was dumb. Everyone still does it, now they are texting and also trying not to get caught.”
I'm guessing the same people with toning shoes also have a "Shake Weight", acai berry products and a "Slender Shaper". Morons.
WHAT YOU SHOULD KNOW ABOUT ACUTE LOWER BACK PAIN
True. I hate Liverpool also. Was so happy to beat them in the F.A. Cup. (Rangers in 5)
Happy Holidays and much abundance in 2012 to !
glad you loved the Y EXPO in San Antonio - we did too! If we follow u will u follow us back?
working the reference desk at #AFC until 11am. got any #folklife questions?
April 12th #TwitterThursdays begin inside Endless Music be there...
": I just finished reading and thoroughly enjoyed Senna's Where Did You Sleep Last Night?"#justread//me 2 bold honest memoir
I know had a ticket. Lots of $$ tho
Good he was laughing with all the shoesRT : Thanks. The hubs was in the background making me laugh, lol.
We often have strong associations between smell and cleanliness. Orange, lemon, fresh laundry? What smell signifies "clean" to you?
-rights have no place there. One last bastion of totalitarianism, no freedoms, only 90 miles from our shores. Why is it ignored ?
Hey! I'm free next week if you need some extra hands to help with Jam. I'm super strong :)
Talks with my mom about absolutely anything >>>
Going to your first day of work with puffy eyes <<<
Kimchi Dog I love you. Can we meet again?
Why is it so hard to write the next line when I want the truth to be SAID!
Haha that was a good movie tho
excuse me Savan. It's NIALL!
I gotta pee, but i'm too cozy and lazy to get up and go
girl you need to get some more #followers #tweople is about connections. search topics you're into. Mine:Oprah, film, moms
Martin Luther King Jr. meets...
Wiebe & Braska are the grandsons of Hall of Fame golf coach Roger Wiebe, who coached 4 boys & 2 girls state championship golf teams @ West.
What a great day at ZuZu Thank You all ZuZu fans and yes we have gone over a 1000 followers. We must be doing something right!!
I was telling my bro that is the most talented guy ever and he agreed... hes 20years old hahaha :)
Nice Toynbee Tiles story. Probably going to see it tonight, but am afraid part of city's mystery will be lost afterward. True?
What SERVICE are U to the PEOPLE..HUMANS around U? :-)))
when i want to sleep, i can't. but when i want to stay awake, i fall asleep.
Hzappy V-day middle class bohemes
hey stranger I just noticed i had you on this -_- smh how are you
Dual streaming #makesxsw & #sxproxy anyone else live streaming?
Any clue how after a 3 hour layover in Denver, someone's bags couldn't make it from your airline to United?
I'm looking for an experienced writer who can take an existing tween game IP and provide copy for print, tv, and web
Followers plz go on to check out
just a regular hump day for me! And u?
the older i get i see the symbols every where, its so obvious yet they still are blind
The shame... I'm such a sick-o
crazy grandma fashion for life!!
Occupy wall street all over news on Oak and Sea. Someone needs to show them that equal wages don't come from protesting or vandalism.
380 cals burned..40 sit ups...diet tight..phew
favorite part of today are all the colleges I have NEVER heard of.
I just saved a baby bird's life!
Who likes our new icon and background? :)
": U can tell a lot about a women by her heels"
Now or never. Tomorrow's not promised
Sad, but so glad to see #Pujols continue to struggle, especially against the
you have brown hair :) >> :P
great seeing your work on Hurricane Season. Inspiring movie.
Grr, I wish I brought my laptop with me to work today. I could use this "waiting on other people" thing to my benefit.
The record is finished!!!
Praying for miracles along with you.
I can build and create content online. Turn radio stations on and off from my kitchen. Can't figure out gmail on my iPhone
RT : Watched today. Gave me chills. I advise you do the same.
got moved to 9pm tomorrow. We will still be there around 6 though to hang out!
At the eye doctor's 1st time in years. I hate the eye doctor. Need new glasses though. Thinking about the kind Costner had in JFK.
thank you!
it takes most people a while to figure things out, but they are way ahead of the curve!!!
Daydreaming about buying a cabin in the Virginia Mountains....Why does a country boy live in the city?
Wow, you like Poker and Revolution. My man!
If I don't write to empty my mind, I go mad. - Lord Byron
or if you know something is gonna be really stressful and scary
Team Blitz out at Maggiano's tonight celebrating the 14th yr of the National Sports Marketing Network. Come say hi if you're here!
Team work makes the dream work
Me too!
You know you want some!
Belieber's Are BOSS! We have Christmas Early & The Video was Our Present :)
RT HOUSTON- 6PM Good Jobs Great Houston-2955 Gulf Fwy (77003) JOIN US 2NITE 4 an impromptu fundraiser-B part of history
soon as u touch ima have em 4 u
here I come bae
#petpeeves when people pronounce "vehicle" with 3 syllables
What's new Pussycat? WHOOOAA
On set all day of THE SILVER LININGS PLAYBOOK... Bradley Cooper is a super star and deservedly so... Fun day!
It's only impossible if you stop and think about it.
Sometimes i wish i knew who i really am
Q: if u kould hav 10 mins. in the room wit prince, wat would u do??????
lol thanks its tomorrow :)
O Lord Jesus Christ, Son of God, have mercy on me, a sinner.
just sayin hi. Hope you're doing well
showed the grit, and passion it takes to be the best!
Oh thank you!
The dumb bitches in this room my gawd
I understand THAT! That's why I like the Click (130 cal/serving) & the metabolic reset (120) -- even with a banana, it's ok
Sounds good lol (:
all the time!!
that baby is already born!!?? Didn't she go into labor at 8am???
awesome work, ladies. Innovative stuff. Important for #artsed!
I think it's crap that the UK gets The #Avengers before us, get your own heroes you Limeys!
One can never consent to creep when one feels an impulse to soar.
Rockstar is another that gets me.
Philippines Still the Hottest Real Estate Market in Southeast Asia. PLC International Marketing Networks – a Manila Condotel Investme...
um hello stranger
and you can store all content types (websites, online videos, gDocs) - not just files! :D
🐒🐬 Dolphins banging monkeys. It's funny because it could never happen!
I swear one day I'll be making millions touring. But for now, I wanna sit and relax. I had a long day of twitter and facebook.
I want this more than anything in the world, and I don't understand why I can't have it
obsessed with the show flashpoint
Apparently four loko makes me say "i'm Carlos Mencia, so suck my dick."
thanks sorry for late response
diamonds are forever
hahaha!!! Thats a Classic photo of Freddy
Jered Weaver tosses the 2nd no-hitter of the 2012 season. Too bad the Halos still suck
marks 20 years of service from BOS. Text 4KIDS to 20222 to give $5 to and will match it!
yup! It's right down the street from where I work so we have a yearly creative review on the large screen.
yes there are spaces like this in Carlyle, Broome Street, Lafayette & Greenwich Hotel - a suite with 3 people and 2 bedrooms.
I wanna see freestyle to Shot For Me by Drake nextt! Do it
Genius is knowing to stay silent as others demonstrate their ignorance.
lol. You got that right! Idk what unwashed thinking 😱
Octavia Spencer!!!! YES!!!!
We should do it more often. RT Always good to see an academic apologizing when s/he screws up.
u fallin off man
ORD and MDW blocked. intel says 5 zombies now. do not trust media. maybe sporadic tweets now.
This is the last time I dont drive going out, im super sleepy my bed is calling me and I cant even answer....
happy Husker day! How are you settling in?
Tell us about your business. Post your FB or website page here.
you're VERY welcome! :D
First session of conspiracy theories and critical thinking webinar just finished. Next up, the Pearl Harbor attack. Great subject!
agree kd should've won it
Cheaters never win! Ryan Braun is a cheater! RT : What a game and what a finish today (despite the loss).
So glad you liked and enjoyed it! That makes me happy :)
#AskPSanders whats your favorite state/city besides Chicago?
1 day after my 1st day back N the gym n as suspected, I'm sore as fuck 😖!!!
How did they even know the number?
Who cares what straight people think?
Henderson is actually a decent right back
Very true.
Good morning! Have a great day!
Doesn't a piece of Chocolate Raspberry Truffle Cake sound great? Stop by Firehook Bakery and enjoy a piece of heaven today!
there was a word blank section, the little math part, and then you just had to say whether the things decreased or increased!
I will be posting the interview from this morning later this afternoon! Thanks for coming on, Arthur!
@ the crib chillin wit the mommzzzzzzzz
Energizer sucks...
Let's go to the HackStore! :)
Perez wasn't that funny on glee...and yes he does look like Frankenberry. Is that cyberbullying?
Ok. To all the students of MHS. Yes there was a bomb threat. BUT THERE IS NO BOMB! Thats why its called a bomb THREAT!
or on a beach
If Every Nigga Went By My Last Retweet I Swear Shit Will Be Straight..
I had a great ass work out :D
Thanks for ReTweetin' Poised Creation! We thought your were looking sexier!!
dealing w/ bureaucracy. Oh the joy of working for the govt.
all of us need to have a dinner date,soon ☺
Uh, not really? He could have supported a week ago, possibly helping the NC amendment fail?
the live footage ive seen gives me a good idea of how crazy his shows are
I also got a 45 of "Feel A Whole Lot Better" by The Byrds with alternate vocal, and used stuff: dB's, Costello, Hitchcock...
that's good :)<3
Omg its fckin early on sunday n im nowhere near late ") cheaa
russ f is like an old boyfriend who was just the best thing going as long as he was the center of attention. when i mentioned my life....
One of the many things I miss about living in the Wash, DC area: #SOTU drinking games.
is sitting at a keyboard in front of a screen, smiling at the dirt under his nails.
I would have stayed up with you all night,had I known
RT Starting my diet and exercise back up tomorrow!
Okay, what's everyone doing for Valentines Day... Besides the obvious ;)
Last night got weird. I wish I was still sleeping. I want Dunkin Donuts.
Samantha Shandrow, you've won a Tier 2 prize from the Raffle-O-Tron! Please claim your prize in the atrium.
Relationship capital is the new venture capital - its the relationship that creates value.
I once lived next to a couple named Pat and Jan. She was Pat and he was Jan.
RT damn developers :P
So who wants to see The Avengers in DBOX? Let's do this!
3 F16's just flew over my neighborhood. Wow! Totally gave me goosebumps. So proud to be from the USA.
"Can Mobile Interpretation Also Be Social?" 2 pm session is in Auditorium 3 on 1st floor, not Hall 3. See you there!
Thanks for sending me a Foursquare request and for following me on twitter as well.
No school for this mahomie tomorrow I got a denice appointment well glee in a bit #YEEE ;D
i know right >:L and i may sound dumb asking this but i haven't been on key for a while who's this sarah ...? :S
Yeah....im addicted to sex. Smfh
You're quite welcome -- all the the best to you - bernard Carson Dunn Media
my babies<3 aha
We may have lost a good friend here on earth, but heaven gained a new angel today...she will be greatly missed...
what can I do for ya? wanna shoot me an email ?
u didn't mention if I'm out of his sight he peeps till he sees me -_-
it's all good girl.
months ago lol
at work today this little girl said "my mommy hates your #bow" #shitkidssay lol
SyFy Channel: Please, do us a favor and just change your name, because clearly, you all hate science fiction.
Motivation is the key to success belief is next so chase it
“: missin florida right about now” COME VISIT ME PLEASE. 😊
#youmightbeahoodrat if yo son is older than the step father.
Don't forget that we're open til 11 and there's live music at
S/o to all my new followers!
I help people get 1st page rankings in Google--if you know any business owners who would benefit let me know!
I just really love your videos.
WAT!? This made me think of that South Park episode! Where they steal money from kids pretending to be the tooth fairy! :D
Shave those damn sideburns, Broxton!
"Jesus called, he said he's sick of the disses, I told him to quit bitching, this isn't a fucking hot-line"
Happy Mother's Day to my amazing mom and all the moms who are always there for us!!!
Trivia pop quiz: How many hours per day does a koala sleep? The winner gets a Hersey kiss from Erica's desk.
And when you tweet TARDIS, and I think latin/spanish/italian/esperanto. Forgive the Romance Nerd response! ;)
remmer when itunes used to be 99 cents. not anymore :( its messed up just to change what i said
why do you recommend that I connect with him?
Finishing off my prom needs lol thanks too Joshua's gma and my momma-duke ( :
Preparing for tomorrows shoot with Daniela Adriaenssens. Keep a look out for some behind the senses :)
Congrats to D. Serchay on having Booklist's 'Review of the Day'! : "a first choice for public and academic libraries" www.booklistonline.com
Momo's for a show. Great show, but the bar staff looks unhappy
it's supposed to be water not water with chunks in it. Egh
In the war between cats & dogs, cats definitely win when it comes to interwebs dominance.
If I were there, you and I would sing "Total Eclipse of the Heart" tonight.
CST's suck...Algebra today.. -.-
The world makes way for the man who knows where he is going. -Ralph Waldo Emereson
RecCon Note: much reseating activity for Ravel's Daphnis and Chloe Suite No. 2
ask about who he thought I was when I visited him backstage at Hair in like 2001...
Hi Rachel. When did you get on twitter? I just noticed.
"We could have been so much more in another life," she said. Does that mean that this life is nearly over? Please?
#incollege u eat ramen noodles daily
What you want me to be mean well then fuck you to, don't say I'm goofy ... you don't me lmfao
Bike Bikee Bike riding, 110 is just fine.
#NP Climax by Usher
#TwoThingsIWant a money tree, and a dude to get right down to his money, no if , ands , or in-betweens.
When one person continuesly sends you tumblr anons. Please stop stalking me
2+2 app :*( aside from that though, ICM Cruncher, Bank of America, Paypal, Chinese Poker, Chipotle, facebook messenger,
- Next week = Hadouken; The following week = Horyuken.
Thanks for the shout! :)
Thank you for listening to my request I saw the Cinnamon Twist Challah marked kosher in the NV WF yesterday.
Right?!? Hahaha (: i understand
Kloppenburg has a 224 vote lead for now - but there are still 3 areas left.
IDGAF Lakers won't get past OKC.. but Artest could still get it # I love crazy niggas!
congratulations! you deserve a good rest now :)
ha. The solar panels have always been there. You really have not been to Raleigh in a long time.
In #Chicago Loop at #IBM seminar on #ProjectZero/#sMash. Looks quite good.
I'm determined to do more things by myself. Next up: taking myself out to dinner, inspired by
RT : FACT: Girls are missing out on education. Two thirds of all children denied school are girls.
I currently reside in academic purgatory. I should have prayed more or changed my graduation date to August or something. Or something.
"First day of school! First day of school! Wake up, wake up! C'mon, first day of school!" Name that movie! :)
Ok yea its 13176543404
Good pick dallas
Oh I should've guessed from your name. Yeah, we say "dong" a lot :) Do you find cuisine from home there?
#PSAT tomorrow..i refuse to take it!!!
seriously though you should come over. I have Ruby Redbird and space bags.
RT: “: I especially like idea of surveying students about what they want. More testing? Bet not.”
Im not fucking with someone who only cares about fame and materialism. Money isnt real, its a painful illusion so is your ego
Chicken & waffles and Grace's Song are calling your name!
Still a few tickets left for tomorrow night's match. GREAT deal for tickets in a fantastic viewing area.
never heard of it... But ill try it out!
WHAT COLOUR SOCKS ARE YOU WEARING? :)
am not! Im a nice person. <3
Right on!
IT'S A WPAS WEEKEND!!!!
Give me some shoutouts? :)
I love you, my sweet MargieBear! More than you will ever know!
It's another
Omg! I'm going to the "back to school" night tonight! And my "bully" is gonna be there! I'm really scared :'(
haha you know it. Keep your fingers crossed
ii wish this download would hurry up..
"Drummetteism" Cut the grass low and the snakes head will show!!! POOF!!!!
Indeed. I was rooting for Chef Symons. Love that he supported Autism Speaks.
That's the hottest Tweet (including pics) I've seen in a LONG time!
BUT OMG ENRIQUE IGLESIAS OMG, I WAS SO FUCKING CLOSE TO HIM.
I really don't want to switch I Hope were stuck here till Lunch :'( !
hey man direct msg ken anderson to follow me please
Thanks for the shout out!! :) We venture out some, where are you abouts?
Jealous! I didn't get one!
yep exactly. Walked on it one time and the other time just witnessed the sheer beauty of its power.
well maybe when your not "busy" you might have the time to talk to me haha
Leaving the kick Back with my #iLL family. Had a great rehearsal tonight. And ate good after. Bout to head home and laxx (relax) . fwm
One of my top five days of the year...happy NFL draft day!!
The bad news is I didn't win the lottery. The good news is that you didn't.
The yanks loss to the royals blows so badly
Peppermint-Oreo is at Fenway now, alongside Original and Banana. Grab some today and eat your cares away!
following back
What a win!
Hey, thanks, man! Glad you dig 'em... we couldn't be happier with the quality!
New FREE MyBiz iPhone App coming soon! Visit MyBizXchange.com to learn more!
Lol I know we all gotta do something soon we gotta make a date soon
Good god that was depressing!!!! #seeprevioustweet Maybe Calabria radio is in order. Going to run off the ick.
Way earlier than that bro RT #Yankees fans: the worst, since 1996
get back on oovoo we need to talk
I still love Erma Bombeck! I am what I am! Thank you, God for making me different!
I just realized Im exhausted. West coast trip + finals =/= sleep.
Yay, a beautiful Friday evening to everyone. Thank you for your follows:
That would be a great idea !
You made me giggle at my desk ... good work. :)
If you want something, don't wish for it. Life is too short to wait. --Unknown
yeah it's me real last name!
Yes. A Play On bracelet. When I reach 1000 followers the person who gives me the most shoutouts gets one.
Can't wait for Wednesday...;)
Gotta crazy craving for a cool treat! cran apple cider gelato after work!
Thanks for the follow!
This is exactly what my brain thought. RT ew. fergie.
Kinda feeling sick...to my stomach
Should I stay hme or should I stay home.
The Vans warped tour is coming to Vegas June 30th at the Plaza Hotel parking lot woop woop I will go
has been living in NYC for ONE WEEK today! :D
Roll out your sleeping bag under the grand piano.
More tracking, editing, and writing
Diversity Platinum Rewards Program Announces Support for the Matthew Shepard Foundation
Looking for that perfect toy for somebody special? Visit www.todaysfavoritetoys.com we have what you!
Generalizations, good sir!
Happy Thanksgiving everyone! So thankful for friends & family!
Kacey...heading into Vegas..CHP escorting our can of Oregon Whoop Ass to Nevada Border...The Road Trip is on a roll
In 2002, many/most of our existing friends weren't connected, so not surprising ratio would be different.
Thanks for the excitement, hope you enjoyed!
Thanks for the follow We look forward to working with you!
bet you leading by a lot again keep grindin', spot on the tape will be locked ASAP
finishing projects and hitting SEND on the email button feels so good.
Thanks man! Long time no see. Say hello to Alex and Joey for me.
The Food Stalker Thanks for following me on Twitter! Don't forget to follow me on Google+
I am loving the new Nike NFL uniforms
I'm sure he remembers you both fondly.
Pageant judging tomorrow...yay! Back on the pageant map! And Party map! So many girl's nights out planned starting tonight! :)))
I so LOVE Howard Stern best episode I've seen in a really long time!!!
renewal is a good thing! hope you have great classes today! :)
Instagram kicks twitters ass
stop by to get your coffee house draft. I forgot to give it to you!
insomnia tonight. it's okay, i have to sing me to sleep- just bought her new album
Have no shame when it comes to ANYTHING
or maybe i just stewed in the hot tub for too long
wow that looks exciting!
Today has taken me downtown to West Louisville to Clifton for a campaign $raiser to the SW for a friend's #KYDerby138 party and then some...
Have to go get a filling. Fml.
Just got back form Eclipsed at Woolly Mammoth. Also saw Phedre with Helen Mirren at Shakespeare. Sept is a good month for theatre!
a great website to find walking trails around maine - www.healthymainewalks.org - spring is here so get outside and shed the winter weight
Why am I not surprised?
last Thursday of the school year! #thankthelord #needoutofhere #summer2012 ☀🌴🏊👙👗👠🍦⛵
Please check out , our new free Chicago-based app that gives you cash back & donates 5% to charity every time you swipe your card!
Until Facebook, I had forgotten that I went to high school with guys named Skip and Corky.
Your shouldn't be a copy of your resume. Engage people by being creative, urges
Oh shit. They did break up!
Happy Belated Book Birthday to POPULAR released yesterday & I can't wait to read it!
We found love in a hopeless place.
Thank ya sir :D
you been wack, might send some chicago niggas, get ya kidnapped with ya bitch ass, hit the dryer cause ya washed, splish splash
Next up: Laura Zebuhr on C19 "friendship albums" of signatures, flowers, verses, acrostics, hair, drawings from
Even though I can't enjoy a drink, I remember all the good times had "back in the day";
It's funny how the person you would take a bullet for is usually the one behind the gun. </3
You are never going to love ne so what's the use. What's the point in playing a game you're going to lose.
screw blog tv for the night haha
Lack of sleep make you feel tired and affect your eating habits. Adequate sleep is essential for your overall health and well-being.
Good night sacramento. Should be a beautiful day in the river city. Old Sacramento, trains, and the river. #awesome come out!
your lazy it won't be that far
are you a psychic? First David Lee and the Warriors now I see the headline 'Anthony Davis to be added as finalist for Olympics'
Has anyone seen the list of free agent wide receivers? Wow! It is stacked with talent.
No, hoping to get a beer reviewer to guest post on the site.
Finley, good thing this is a contract year...
Having lunch with - trying another BBQ joint... Not sure Kaz is to impressed lol
Fiesta is here! Fiesta is here!
Feet hurt so bad
yes, we heard it too. Looks like Eagle St. is blocked off by Ft. Stockton
We still dream show on Friday at the white rabbit on Friday! Hope to see you all there!
I'll be sleeping on the couch till I finally move out.
God lives in creation.
Woot woot first day of Football! My Highschool football has began!(;
It's Working!
welcome back, so has mine. Shall we answer KSAs together?
justin bieber i love u
lol ha ha
p.s. Minho acting is EL-OH-EL
The queen♫
Jef....with one F. Really?
Part two of the big #H50 crossover tonight. Get excited!
if you are a good teacher who doesn't believe all students learn in the exact same ways then yes, UDL is common sense
Probably the same guy who renewed Flo Rida's contract gave Mac Miller a record deal. Mac Miller being the rapper who says "Most Dope Ass."
Great idea from #bcs2012 - publish a "blooper reel" of unfinished posts/thoughts on your blog and ask for feedback.
Okay, last year I booked airfare to Buffalo, Ny for $250 round trip, this year $250 from a hub airport 5hrs away To go in July, it's $550
Getting ready for a busy day. 2nd Sat., Folklife, and PrideFest. Wish it was about 20 degrees cooler though!
one for the money
we'll be there around 6!
I use to miss #oomf , but that shit got old real quick...
OK just make it sure
Lol Oh no! That might not be a good idea..I was going to hide behind you! :O lol I need to be more brave! 😁
I'm so excited for camp orlando and to spend it with my friends before I say my goodbyes :) ♥
Love it! Super excited! Important ramifications, too ... Like when a biz gives their brand image a makeover. :)
":I'll be co-hosting a WQAM (560AM) radio show today 5-7pm." #NoLuv4Sid "a show" hopefully a non-republican show for change today!
rick ross is the shit!
hey it takes a good looking person to know one
Looking for parent education in Los Angeles about #autism? Need to develop a relationship with your child? We can help!
Routines, for better or worse, are a CHOICE... Choose Change!! Choice defines who you are. BE CHOOSEY.
Great to have you on the Evolv Team!
Tonight at 10&11 hear from a Wilsonville man who chased down a suspected bank robber. It's a pretty wild tale.
#Best don't get me started ha!
Meeting you was fate, becoming your friend was a choice, but falling in love with you was beyond my control.
got LeRoy Hill a partner in crime... Literally .... Hide ya' kids, hide ya' wife
wwe rules!!!!:-) i have lots of respect for the wwe, and all the wrestlers that work hard to keep us entertained!!!! :-)
Come down and catch some fun Jazz Rock Fusion Music! The Sal DiFusco Project is playing at the Ryles jazz Club, Cambridge on 2/3/2012!
looking forward to meeting you
Your iPod is awesome. ^-^ And I sent my number in a message. :3
Play a One Direction song please? It'd maked my day.
a lot of those drop-off followers were fake spam accounts. You don't want them anyway! ; )
I really have to say that your lack of open mindedness and quick judgment is deeply disappointing
you can hate all you want but after you have surgery and you can't put your own shoes on or off or god forbid tie a pair you' ...
Everybody needs to feel loved and appreciated every now and then...
Sounds fun!
What's the latest on #Arizona's #immigration law. Demonstators are in the streets. We have the latest on the
alright lol did you have to sign up to go ?
Will play Snow White in Pantomonium Production's 'Snow White & The Several Dwarfs' opening in Dec. at the Arclight Theater in NYC!
We start recording in a few weeks! RT if you are stoked to hear new music!
Thanks for the update- and feel free to contact me if there's any other information you'd be interested in receiving
RELATIONS R NOT EXAMS 'TO PASS OR FAIL' ARE NOT COMPITITION 'TO WIN OR LOSS' THESE R ONLY FEELINGS IN WHICH U CARE SOMEONE MORE THEN U!
a year ago i wrote on here, "the weather tonight is as perfect as it can be," and the same's def true tonight. this's my fav time'a year <3
then how would any have the chance to take you serious. Sounds lonely.
It's my first time listening through but I *LOVE* "Over You". Makes me think dearly of a friend that recently passed every time.
Is that a request or a lament?
misty! You're blog is so inspirational! I'm also a huge fan of the #OWN network Oprah is such an incredible spiritual teacher
Auto DMs are the worst. And unfollowing the person is so difficult
Treat her like a dog, call the bitch lacy.
Great -- that should be perfect! Thanks for your quick response.
My feet are freezing' ⛄
You can only wear your hair up one a week. Today is that day.
u r fine as hell tweek and follow unsigned rapper help sing hook on my next track...let's meet in LA on
Sounds good, I'm on it
Providing the San Diego community representation in the following areas, bankruptcy, business, tax, estate planning needs, and probate law.
Oh gee, I dunno...TAKE ME WITH YOU!
haha i just liked the sound of phillis - i was either gona go to vistaprint or zazzle if they were good
I'll rescue you if you rescue me from my wrestling weekend adventure in Sedalia. What have I gotten myself into?!
I'm way to patient.
-- KyBu I stepped on your damn Doublemint!
i'll say having looked at close to 1 million blogs that on blogcatalog that a large % of co blogs aren't good ;)
Too much head ache today :(
Okay I KNOW you're sick when you haven't tweeted all day. As any mom would say, "hot bath, bed, soup, liquids, & lots of rest!"
writing a paper :(
get hip
yesterday was very upsetting .
back in
In a work survey asking about our "plans for New Years?" Only 12% answered getting "legless drunk by midnight"..I am questioning the voting
Nor light dusting of snow 'maying' NYC look gorgeous. There is a jet lag, it just surfaced in syntax. : )
Got my mind on my money and my money on my mind
Just watched Cloverfield, which I had been told sucked, but since there wasn't anything else I watched it.
Emerald recruits for equal opportunity employers.
HERESTOALL In life, you'll meet 2 kinds of people. The 1's who build you up and the 1's who tear you down. In the end, youll thank them both
Sigh. I think there's a potential fair use claim in that the excerpt won't affect the market value of the collection. +
What do you call a man with no arms and no legs sitting on your front porch? - Matt
Wait same number right?
Hey no problem, glad you asked. Let us know what u think once you've raced next year. Love to hear feedback!
Not sure why Oracle would want WebOS, IMHO that move would dilute their Java strategy
im gonna sleep like the sickest baby tonight mwahaha
If there's one thing that working for a news organization has taught me, it's that all news is depressing
-would like to talk to you.
Stuck in the car with someone who will not shut up. you feel my pain.
Still trying to get all of our followers onto our new account! not go follow us! : )
She is so foolish.
I can't be the only one that hears Wale's Slight Work & thinks about the kids tearing that up. Leyomi drop & all.
Time to crash. Need to get some sleep before fox field tomorrow. Can't wait to enjoy the day!
uh oh, craigslist tells me that i can afford an apt by the beach in san diego
I dont want da lil money niggas b makin down here like gotti said...I WANNA MAKE M'S NIGGA DATS MILLIONS..
MT : Um, not sure if you heard about my intvw wi the President today?? You'll see it tonight on & tmrw
takin mike james to IHOP: 'my treat, uncle',
Agreed. A lot of column A and some of column B is a good recipe
At SFO waiting for next flight. 4 more days on the road then home....
Tumblr is down..
Then you are.
Nice evening, and birds happily chirping.
Going to be Good!
♥ Dream on. Dream on. Dream on. Dream until your dreams come true ♥
When we cross state lines, Danny (sound guy) & Kevin (they always sit up front) reach their arms out in competition to see who can cross 1st
Sean from eflgeek.com got interviewed for whytheyteach.squarespace.com fascinating read... check it out... thanks Sean
AH! My bad. I borked a file name. Should be fine now. -Dave
It's Fan Friday... Tell us the year, make and model of your first car. Better yet if you have a picture of it post it.
I don't get why Hawks fans want LA to win. VAN a MUCH better match up. NASH or VAN? Give me VAN.
haha you're telling me! im regretting my decision with every soapy bite! getting my creds done now ;) ah
new favorite name! “: Just saw the van. Great team name! #RagnarFLK”
Hey Y'all! Gettin' Ma Southern Accent On!
#fairtrade is best strategy to STOP #humantrafficking. Make informed buying decisions, stay blessed.
Law and order: svu❤
someone talk?
Not so tasty? Needs salt?
Right now, Milwaukee newsrooms sound like this, "Cover the storm. Ask people how it felt. Give me 1:30 for the top of the show." Worthless.
#Coyotes and #Preds on CNBC for the time being.
#Weather Forecast for Sunday Night
Oh? RT : Charles barely says whatever is on his mind lol
this was a lovesick mistake.
yea same. being single is SO much easier than dealing with a boyfriend xP
Some songs just grab you and take you! And I love it when they do
We <3 Our Residents! Bring us more just like you & we'll give you a check for $200 after they move in!
I don't like Rush, but don't understand the uproar. Isn't he just another radio side show act? Did all of you boycott Dan Savage too?
I'm lactose intolerant so for me, bad decision. You, mildly questionable....Jk :-)
alas some teachers are still think that way about wikipedia
Really? I'm going to google that. If so, good. Maybe that'll clean it up. It's really annoying.
Sun, Mon, & Tues our board certified physician will be authorizing patients who qualify & providing complete care, e.g. BP meds, etc.
RT : The way to develop decisiveness is to start right where you are, with the very next question you face. ~ Napoleon Hill
“It’s important for actors to have a strong and positive social support system in their personal life.”
Guy on tour bus who lost his hat:
thank you! <3
im bored and hungry and tired. lethal combo.
": Hannah Montana movie >" -_____-
I LOVE the new JLA w/ concept! But my ALL-STAR BATMAN Vol1 HC is pissed...& lonely.
syphoning cadbury cream eggs to get my fix.
UM. FROM THE HOUSE OF HUEY!!!! HUEY P. LONG TO HUEY P. NEWTON!!!! WHAT-A-LIFE!!!! BORN IN EARL K. LONG!!!! WOW!!!!
Just heard my first Nelly song of the night and it's 1:30???
maybe 'Self Doubt and Syphilis' should be the album title. Interesting graphics would surely ensue....
Please do this!
No TxT back smh....
twitcaaaaaaaam :) love you
Come in to feast on the Finest Local, Organic Freshly Made Soups, Live Food, Chef Wes Specials, Gluten Free Dishes, Fresh Juices & Smoothies
Keep it flyer then most. Need a down bitch that can blow trees like a champ and cook good.
Talk stupid, OFF WITH UR HEAD
Happy Friday!! :)
Oh, I will!!! It's becoming an Big Blue epidemic and should be crazy down there!
Dominos pizza you're my best friend tonight.
Yep, as is U of Houston to coincide with their move from C-USA to the Big East. It can be done. Gotta think big though...
you were FAB on Howard last week. But he kept cutting you off! You sounded like you had SO much more to say! XO
Justin' time to see Justin Townes Earle.
"TheMelancoholic:he's pretty cool...for an old man. ;]" you are missing out on all the fun Listening now with
are the Cleveland bananas in the mooveee ?!?!?
I need some new females in my life on the real
During finals all my heathy eating habits go out the window. :(
My Stomach is very mad at me right now of all I ate-- :/
#smwcampaign: says "You have to engage the Twitterverse on the Twitterverse's own terms" - interesting, provocative, not partisan
2012 Phenom Camper ⁰ Jr Phenom: N’Keil Nelson ⁰Rising 8th Spokane, WA ⁰Travel Team: Spokane Select Warriors ⁰Point Guard 6’0
get back on the juice bro, or just ice your arm like a normal person lol
The all new SO SEDUCTIVE THURSDAY WEST. $3 Wells/$5 Top Shelf. Ladies FREE till 11. 18&up welcome! Dj Mystik in the mix.
It's Friday....tomorrow night we party!
Started #MadMen from the very beginning today. Don is a slime ball & Peggy's bangs need help.
you should come early Wednesday and we can day drink by the pool! I have class at 730 everyday :(
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO THE MOST AMAZINGLY AWESOME PERSON, KileLinn :D Wish i was there today..
Here's how I see it: the black vote is expected to go for Obama in the fall. Some wonder if this issue will turn them away.
Stoked! just brought me eggplant parmigiana from Buca de Beppo.
rephrase it for me so I know next time.
Huh , Naim & I needa sit down & just have a long ass talk !
alright now. You betta make it happen. :):) Proud of you. Treating me well. Planning album man.
Starting to plan a May trip to Japan (Tokyo, Kyoto & Osaka). Anyone got lodging suggestions?
Working on speeding up our 3D tech. Its been running slow & we have some live courses to demonstrate its capability coming up.
ok, so I'm here for my class, but shhh, don't tell... I'm kind of excited.
RT : Fast shouts and for always doing stellar work!! you def want to do work with them!
The Internet is BORING! But thanks for letting me buy 2 books with super saver shipping in 2 clicks. X
Thank you!
There is construction on Gwynne Street today but we are here and you can still reach the entrance car park! Have a good Friday!
women have left the #GOP ... Sick of misogynistic sexists ... Look elsewhere
www.elephilms.tumblr.com - our blog game is on point - FOLLOW US!
I jut paid four dollars to get into a middle school track meet. OMG these cheap people lol
Can't even lie Tnt and espn would have boosting rates if its Battle of LA!!!
I'm so thankful!
Backpack to Briefcase Workshop today in Doermer 063! Resume Help, 2-3pm and How to Search, Apply and Interview for jobs/internships, 3-4pm.
Thanks for the follow, Benjamin. I write mysteries and have optioned a screenplay. Great to meet you.
Someone Like You,<3
definitely my favorite line
two reasons? What are they!?
You too
How you boutta go from me to her.. #downgrade baby, I ain't the only one laughin at you
the username, i just wanna read it
its so fkn simple but yu rather make it hard
“: . Although I fired him on #CelebApprentice. DT: usually youre so good with the spoiler alert. Why set the DVR now?
Well look who it is :) Welcome to twitter fellow #Canes alum.
At lexis...haven't hungout in a month
How did it take me so long?!
Holy Violet Smoke! Just got home from #Prince concert- unbelievable. And Chaka Khan!
Watchin my all time favorite movie Titanic with my favorite aunt in the WORLD!!!!
opening for super fun. Now hiding from instrumental saxophone hell. You can find me under the bar
RT : Females are like news reporters I swear, know something and be the first to spread it.
Nice vs the Yankees
Getting ready to participate in Spine of the Earth!
RIP Steve Jobs. Thank you for making the impossible of technology possible.
Not using my head gets me NOWHERE.
I'm listening to Yankee Bayonet.
I want to use pinterest more but I can't "create" content for another platform right now. But I'm anxious I'll miss out.
hey mr good boy. Good job teaching the little guy the hoops.
happy birthday!!
No, your just a Legend... a Living Legend.
Honored to be named the next PD for Q106. Big shoes to fill.
any time, darlin'!
Do stuff but don’t worry about what you’re not doing.
In a surprising move, Barry Mayo has resigned as Radio One's radio division President.
Julie close friend to Sam. she wants more but Sam has no clue!!! want to know more read the my book.Spirit Lance when it is released.
HA! RT : Frankenstein never scared me... marsupials do! because they're FAZZT! according to Christopher Walken anyway.
did anyone ever answer your question about #SXSW ?
will be tweeting live during 's #SmackDown, so feel free to ask any questions you want all night! Tag it
live your life, be crazy, love. because right now is the oldest you've ever been, and the youngest you'll ever be again.
I love Patti so much...
Life is too short to have a bunch of drama....
Do you live in Chiangmai ? If so, I'm so jealous.
How should it be referenced in a 140-character world? "Power conference" didn't apply to Pac-12 hoops the past two years...
It's 7011 focusing on the system rather than the user. We've used computers for the HW a couple times, but that's it.
A huge thanks I'm also trying to figure out Pidyon Shvuyim Halachah & what kind of captives Maimonides had in mind.
thanks for the tweet
SOLD OUT Jinx so bad on Closing Night we had to add another row of seating!!! A HUGE thank you to all who came out!!!
remember when MADE us go to "date land"? Home boy was cravin a world famous "date shake".
#oomf is so super special
Right back at cha!! Keep blazing those trails, baby!!!
More than 15,000,000,000 prizes have been given away in Cracker Jack's boxes
thank you! We hope you can join us!
just got back from lifting... just getting buff and taking names, ya'll know how i do
... of course I didn't win, dammit!
Thank you Joe! RT 🚀SatudaysSensations🚀 (cont…
Strawberry festival in rural Pennsylvania. Yum.
I guess I'm going to Pulaskii County next week
Party is on tonight!!
yep.... Jealous, enjoy your time buddy!!
How Language Is Like Fashion: The Case of &#39;Hopefully&#39;
Today is my birthday! Lets get me some more followers!
I get weirded out when there's someone who has 36+ friends in common with me on Facebook, but I don't really know them.
Saw you purchased some of our DVD training; just wanted to say hello!
I'm alarmed
If you didn't make it out last night, stop in for gallery DAY today! Pretty art for your pretty eyes!
Found out tonight my 14 year old cousin is just getting into Magic: The Gathering. That's how old I was, too.
I LOOOOOOVEE YOU :)
Good morning!!!!! Tweet your questions for our interview to ! NOW!
Congrats on your shoot!
Sweet Genius: Local pastry chef to be contestant on Food Network pastry show
So far I have 4 black and 5 red! Anyone else wanna vote?
*back to dying in the computer lab*
It was great to briefly meet you! The Zaarly crew loves both and !
thanks sweetie!
RIGHT NOW: Interview Strategies Workshop in the Commons. Can't attend? We'll post the session video later-- Stay tuned!
Haha. Have you really?! I never thought you the type.
You have to pay for the tickets :/
Feelings dont just disperse
The introduction to my macabre story is most definetely a thumbs up!
What is wrong with these NBA players? Act like adults. You need therapy or drug testing!
Any tips/ideas are greatly appreciated! :) RT : you have wonderful taste! I like living vicariously through you!
you see that crazy shit
forever alone
I think I've discovered the secret of life - you just hang around until you get used to it. - Charles M. Schulz
Thank you! Sure, you are more than welcome to!
just because you're being hated on doesn't mean that they're all hate groups. no doubt there's lots of angry energy though.
Craving a French vanilla coffee from Speedway, must be this weather ☕☔
Thank you for following me here... I am now following you too...
We are not friends anymore I just found out your hotel story was a lie!
Thank you very much man i really appreciate you taking the time to check us out _Bryan
HE IS MY FATHER!
Free screening of Bag It! starts at 1 at UMD College Park. Sponsored by , with an appearance by yours truly!
ouch that sucks :/ I know we don't really know eachother but sorry I didn't answer sooner and PLEASE tweet me tomorrow! ;)
Man I have never fucked a female that danced da way she fucked
Rondo did his thing tonight. Celtics still gon pull this first round
There's 3 kinds of showers.The 'Get Ready for Work' shower.The 'Just Gonna Run Errands' shower & 'The Guy I'm Banging's Coming Over' shower.
Dude, you are beyond amazing! I LOVE your Scary Monsters guitar remix <333333
I haven't logged into twitter and I find you changed your handle! LOL! Have a good honeymoon trip! :D
Check out ProPresenter. I think it's the best presentation software around.
love you too girl! Pool day soon 😘☀👙
no it aint, u work today
why didn't you tag in it lol
SO GOOD <3 AND U??
To me dogs are more than just people.
Not just replacing coffee with green tea - conciously pumping it through myself at least 12 hrs/day. Formaldehyde for the living.
haha that's a real place? Where it at, homeboy? And please god tell me they sell t-shirts!
good idea! ... taking note
aww :C too bad! ..... Well at least check my videos ;D please :3 (kevito94miku) ~ you'll enjoy 'em, well i hope so .___.
Hey guys, im looking for a social media/events/marketing rockstar in Chicago - know anyone?
Congrats ! You've won 2 tix to w/ & at TONIGHT!
hah I'm playing. I went water fall jumping that afternoon and didn't make it back in time bro. My bad dude.
Sometimes, I wish I could read your mind. Then I wonder...if I could handle the truth. :) Swag
God, yes. That's why I want to know if race is going to be an issue. Some white girls only want white guys. Etc.
OMFG MY HUBBY CHRIS BROWN TURNED UP THE MUSIC IN MY HEART AS HE SANG TO ME
Mayweather bout to start
Secret Stall Tues@ Sonic #Baltimore -50% off ur order if u park in lucky stall but u have 2 guess. Hints given-It's either stall 1,3,5,7or 9
` Ugh tired of skoo, ready to be a senior so i cn be out this btch!
I'm not like other guys. I respect girls for who they are. Not there body. I love looking at there beautiful eyes.
Chillin at work at c-port 2. Wait to load da boat.
A2: allow top-tier teams to participate, open practice week leading into game. I was there in Oct, built around one or two days
Now on my way to Minneapolis to visit our friends Anna & Mick. Ready to watch the superbowl in Vikings territory.
I hate waking up with a headache. It might be back to bed for me.
LOVE IT! : YES!! It's SO sunny and warm here. Had so much fun last night dancing too.
I'm doing that right now
Barrett's running AGAIN? Sigh... i would think that would be emotionally exhausting
Thanks. I was having trouble picturing the location based on the descriptions and on-the-scene snapshots.
Thanks for the words. Appreciate it
shoutout to follow her :))
/cont And once verified LISTENing, then troubleshoot the connection from ws connector to the port
I Love, That You Love, What I Love !(:
Got the day off from work to go to snow days at the Jake!
you are truly living the dream. And by far one of the best at what you do.
Life is a song. Love is the music
Gutsy call on 3-0 green light for Wieters. I like it!
I want to text you but I feel like I'm annoying you, so I'm sorry if you want to talk, you should text me first if you do now.
(code name: operation, sleep in) has begun.... good night
Quoted. I need to see this RT ": The Cabin in the Woods was FUCKING AWESOME!!! That's my review. Quote me on it."
what do you think of the RHOM?
RT love the playlist tonight, MJ and Prince, this girl is a happy camper!
Anybody can make someone sweat/ sore.... The great coaches & trainers do EVERYTHING w/ a purpose. Why do u do what u do? Whats ur purpose?
You're very welcome! ^__^ Thanks. Haha I knoow! What the heck. We need to chat it up. Lmao.
It was nice meeting you at Rubio's yesterday, love your blog!
im a girl(:
Good Morning People On Twitter. I Just Woke Up.
ABC has giving that Child Murderer Casey Anthony $200,000 this is wrong! DON'T WATCH ABC! Please RETWEET this, Thanks Lee
First day back at school, ugh
I will keep that date Clear.
I think it was one of the cutest games of all time. You want cute? Look to that game and my good friend Cute!!
Wasnt the Jawbone a historic FAIL? Looking forward to the Fuelband though. Early reviews are promising.
!!!! RT : #SnapBacksNAllDat ;) with ...wait for it
Lots of travel but can see Canada. RT : 6 sites stretch from Maritimes to BC making '15 Women's World Cup cross-country experience
if the GOP is smart, they'll leave Newt standing at the dock in Tampa.
that was a diffcult 5 mins of my life i didnt know if i was listening to lil b or waka flocka
Thank you for the RT! Hope you're having a good day!
No Bueno? RT : Covering first UMass game all season. Hangar before, Antonio's after. Anyone have swipes left on their OCMP card?
next month, coming to the radio station to get something new out
Brady got left out of the MVP talk ! Y any 1 ?????
Armed robbery happened on same street, Rookwood Avenue, where attempted robbery happened Saturday
Thanks for the like, Brandon Eckaus!
You have no idea.
I AM NOT AN ATTORNEY, I DON'T GIVE LEGAL ADVICE, watched Hannity, lot of info, tape,etc, STUDENTS MARCHING today"no justice, no peace" today
CATs are the real deal...I'm a believer
Would it have killed them to wash it? I think I see a tiny 'wash me' written on the side of discovery :P
I was out with the flu. sorry. hope you had fun. good luck in TX
By ignorance is pride increased; those must assume who know the least.
so jeal! have fun
wasn't a good song choice for me
Thanks! It was an honor to witness his performance and tap into his knowledge of the city.
we can't wait!!
Newborns look like aliens (or maybe it's just this one) pass on the baby train.
Why? Cuz the last time was so successful?": Van Halen is going back on tour w/ the king of the scissor kick David Lee Roth
and now the Celtics foul again. Never mind, refs still aren't cool.
It's not TV; It's MSNBC!
I hope Thibs keep rose & Hamilton in so they cn get thr timing back & the feel of playing w/ each other! Plus their shot!
Do you have any wholesale real estate deals?
momma there go that monsta
Awww, thanks for the smarty pants shout out, and I'm glad (and not surprised) you didn't click that bad link.
Oh, you have a really loud exhaust? You're 1990 Honda must be so fast.....
If jordan's so crazy about horses he coulda had one in Indiana, not so sure about L.A.!
DENVER! We have a show this Friday. Get your tickets from us!!!!
Your #car deserves a #spa day! Mention #Twitter to get 25% off any #detail! We're MOBILE & #ecofriendly! #sandiego #sd #auto (619) 928-4848
Thanks for the links yesterday. Very interesting stuff.
yaaaay will do!!!
this is beautiful. Love love ur tweets!
already emailed you, thanks!
Birthday party with Brooke ballard lol fun fun
Calling all scientists! We need volunteers on NLN. Join today at nationallabnetwork.org/signup
Gina Dent and Angela Davis now showing photographs from their travels to Palestinian prisons.
says multiple witnesses back Zimmerman's story. I call BS on her poetic license. Only one witness backs zim, who else? biased!
EnviroLink is launching their #Facebook and Twitter! Check out our website for a full list of services: www.envirolinkcompanies.com
and a seat for you too!
iis not real that is a fake picture.
Lmao I haven't even used it yet. BTW, I needa get my passport!!!
Your ultimate goal in social media marketing is to become a social business.
Mss' im just gunna get off twitter , text me :)
I've been thinking about trying to eat an entirely raw diet for a week in May. Any advice on what to try, techniques to avoid?
GO FOLLOW GOGOG c': it would mean alot
Stomach Flu sucks... yuk.
No. Those things are crazy hypnotic.
Hi ...sorry just seeing this ....Thank you! Yes better :) Hope you r well
Fuck. What's happening right now?!
I'm following you because told me to...don't disappoint. Lol
You are so funny! I absolutely love the show! :)
wale's im on one freestyle: "Like B.o.b, got airplanes, not one J, got a pair or more" gotta be one your shit to get that reference
that's gonna be your walk up song
I cant wait until Cotto beats Mayweathers ass!!!
HI! Can you give me a Shoutout? :P Thanx!
It's a pARty! (with + for the Chaotic Moon pirate party).
serial records are so fascinating to me. Each one is like a mini-history if you can decode the crazy...
Homework as usual.. Good luck Girls On Track!!! Hope your kick-off dinner is amazing!! <3 A
Free shipping on all handmade miniature tile jewelry in my shop! Http://ShrunkenCatHeads.Etsy.com
I'll remember this day forever!
thanks cutie I love you lots sweet dreams
Great quotes from tonight: I like sucky Dirk. And: Joey Crawford looks like the crazy guy from Six Flags commercials.
So excited!!
Dr. Kenneth Moss: are you living your mission statement?
Your Thesis title is much more intriguing than mine. Cool of you to share it as well. Congrats!
...if C's, Heat & Lakers ALL lose in round 2, the riders gonna start rocking that shade of Thunder blue...
Love puts the fun in together, the sad in apart, and the joy in a heart.
It's unofficially two hearted thursday at It should be two hearted Tuesday, but the first time it happened was on a Thursday.
Twitter's always there in a time of need. I need something to remind me that intelligence is just an 11 letter word..
Maya Banks guest speaker @ RWA-SD this morning. NY Times best seller multi genre. Awesome writer life.
Sometimes you have to take risk to get where you want to be
But, yes, I think it's worthwhile. Exceptionally educational.
Are short shorts office-appropriate? They are today.
Hundreds of people flocking to get credit counseling help. Hear the story tomorrow morning on KXL
How do I go about Siging Up for Tomorrow's ????
2010 Summer City Smell Review: KC, Austin, NYC, Philli - Prairie & Asphalt, Antique Stores & Cactus, Urine & Street Meat, Rain
Hump Day! Also Wino Wednesday!
I wish I could tweet and text as fast as with both thumbs!
oh duh.. I mean it's Cody. Two Australians back to back thoughh ha
Circling the block outside of a Comics Convention.
All my friends are going away over the summer....at the same time....so I'll literally have no one
Thanks! Will do. :-D
Dah! Why am I awake already! And why is that abominable #LadyAntebellum song stuck in my head?
Hey #fxbg - CVL is getting ready for an incredible summer! Which shows will we see you at?
Gonna be up all night thinking
please call this number 254-716-4646 Please its my friends birthday! :) She would be so happy! :) 57
That's a little too Big Brother for my tastes.
Have you seen that movie suck about vampires? I like it.
On my way to Ft. Worth for Law, Culture & Humanities. Will be tweeting from
THE FIGHT IS THE WAY THE GATHERING THE SANITY THE AWFUL HORROR OF ONES TALENT. SO BELIEVE UNDERSTAND THE TALENT THE BEILF THEY HAVE.
RT Senate Ed votes 2-1 against repeal of the La Science Education Act, which critics say allows creationism in schools.
check out my backround stevie its sick as hell
John Edward Gray, you described too many things in too many different publications. And now you have eaten my day.
R.I.P. Donna Summers. She lost her bout with cancer today. She was 63.
Its a beautiful day in
I'm bored. Can someone talk to me?
Impromptu elevator pitches in the halls of ? This needs to happen.
We have a new server ready - vpn-as5 Openvpn (SSL) server in London, UK. It's available in your customer area now.
You can still do it alone. Everyone has an insane side.
I say puck you with a p.
I got them all for the low @ my websites I'LL GIVE YOU A DEAL HERE FROM www.NikeAirYeezys.Us
Mighty macs:)
haha its not its stupid:)
Man I hate fireworks. I want to bite them but they are to damn fast
i can't wait to go to palmetto 😃
My twitter is being dumb
Exactly! That is the sweet spot to strive for.
Everyone loves a comeback story! RT : Without setbacks, there are no comebacks. Comebacks reveal character.
just watch...its getting good.
panera green tea....I love you.
nice. I'll be all over NC this week. Then Boston.
The good times make the bad times worth our time
About to be a good night :)
It is not a lack of Gods grace but a lack of your own affections which keep you from his presence!
Great--let's talk about scheduling in the weeks to come.
Happy Monday!! Rise n grind
Chris Paul has been doing that a little too often lately (running into the key, jumping w/out a target to pass to, leading to turnover).
I just saw that you were in a Red state that turned blue in 2008. I am in NC which did that in 2008. So just wondering
no, like band name.
I'm the buttcheek whisperer, don't follow the imitators.
These Pancakes Are On Fucking Point ! Who Dont Know How To Cook?
It's Thursday... That means we have happy hour at Claire's and free museum admission until 8. Come on over!
yeah! and they say the weirdest shit.
Lunch at Alamo Drafthouse Ritz and movie #9 - "Leave Me Like You Found Me". Or perhaps "Don't Change Me!" should have been the title. :-)
finally bouta see this avengers movie! leggo
we will grab table, 833 N Jefferson, at Wells & Jeff, East Town.
Ellie Goulding's music is perfection.
I don't deserve either of you.
Acting on a good idea is better than just having a good idea
#omg got him on my mind :)
RT : Today on Rag Radio: The Republican Brain dissected! Guest:author Chris Mooney. 2-3 pm - KOOP, Austin & streamed live...
The traffic this weekend is going to freaking insane.
what should I get my mom for mothers day?
I'm addicted to my Starbucks app!
Hope the Fakers lose.
Words I never thought I'd say: I LOVE Texas!
The beginning of wisdom is to call things by their rightful names. -Chinese Proverb
Happy Hump Day! is at the Castle this morning training our awesome associates. Start your hump day w/ an O face!
Gingrich calls for Pell grants (vouchers) for all K-12 students.
“: It's snowing downtown! What's it doing in your neighborhood? nothing yet!!!!
Frog and Friends?
Santa's Littlest Elf has Autism picked up 42 more radio stations plus more internet stations. Is this the first Autism song on charts?
(1/2) "The most magnificent places in Europe are palaces and belong to aristocrats. In America its the parks which belong to the people. "
Really liking Tim Hagans latest "The Moon is Waiting" WHo is this guy Jukkis Uotila on drums?
Monday bud!! Haha
Awesome Costumes!
On it. You caught me sleeping (literally).
Getcho pockets up. Big bank take lil bank.
nothin much how you feelin this morning?
FAFSA# Silver Lining? Taxes will be done before the boys of summer# are back!
Best entertainment bets for May 6-10
No it wouldn't becuase she is a thing not even an animal! :D
Don effing Draper.
Nice going ! With Mother's Day around the corner, it seemed like a perfect moment to attach women, didn't it? What a cheap attempt!
crazy night &
Have to give Compass another try after 's awesome overview at
I want Applebee's chicken penne pasta
Im cold & just want to go home
Enrico's will be closed this Sunday! Yes, CLOSED due to Marathon Sunday...(Enrico will have his regularly scheduled bread class) Run on!
I'm in! RT : Who wants to have a viewing party tonight to watch on America's Got Talent at 7pm??
Do I have the greatest horses or what? They were so good today. Had a fantastic ride!
I fucks with
UNFOLLOW THIS PAGE NOW FOLLOW MY NEW ONE
Yep... heard those too! Wow.
draft 1pm!~chris im going to beast
Baja tavern at the port ... Girls night ...
In Study Hall listening to #hopsin bored as fuck. Can't wait to get out of school so I can get my phone.
Atlanta Falcons branded jet landing at CMH for what?
Thank you so much, Kim! Hope you're well and having a great evening!
Jill is student nursing here this term, and I came to pick her up. Got here early.
I was unaware of major problems @ the 5....
I gta get back n the.gym I lost alotta muscle when u cummn home
- thanks for the retweet!
RT ": Finally got a cab to go to in long branch. Cab driver says to get me again ask for "the punisher"."
Goin to sleep for a few jus finished studying sum....back up at 7 for the rest
cody simpson on so random i love him so much XOXO!!!!!!!!
Just got home practice went real good.
It is more of a challenge for #ChuckNorris to kill something with a gun than with his bare hands.
It's really more a laff whisper. Isn't it James?
u r welcome! it's really excited to have a new friend from Glasgow :)
s/o and Now Following
More Beyond Redemption pics on facebook!
May is finally here!
word. Thought that was weird.
i think i saw professor on the news this morning while i had a double espresso
Best Boss EVER!
Chris Paul is always ready to fight.
LOL!!!! Terrible ": People saying I look like B.o.B. now? If y'all don't get the fuck..."
Cool! I shared this with the sci dept at our school. Is there a video of the product in use?
I was thinking May, but I might be leaning towards Cotto.
#TEAMYCB IS BUSY AT THE MOMENT CREATING AMAZINGNESS ... WILL BE BACK SOON
On my way to Boston for the weekend with my baby : )
Going to St.louis today for a band competition! Fell asleep at 1 in the morning and I'm already up and ready to go!
guess which one supports the POV to support Zimmerman
did i maybe leave my phone in your truck? i've looked everywhere for it!
I think everyone should experience defeat at least once during their career. You learn a lot from it. ~ Lou Holtz
now that's a bold prediction. But don't see it happening
got dinosaur stickers and glitter woooh I'm ready
Going to bedd!!!!!
ain't u got class tomorrow?
You guys were wrong on Obama's Libya strategy and will be wrong on Iraq as well. Bush signed the agreement for 12/31/11.
Definitely March Madness! 🏀🏀🏀
Study break! Wine and Japanese with
alright bro
Thanks for the mentions and RTs!
Ya but you saw the 7-day right? Here I'll post it...
Playing loud music when you're home alone 1. Cause you can 2. So you don't hear "those noises"
nahy le umy go tomorrow lol ay stick ur head out ur window n tell me if u smell smoke
Sleeping > Reality # teamfollowback
Free Edge/Pole Pad up to $299 Value PLUS $300 Off Signature Series GoalSetter Basketball- sale ends 2/24 in #Cincinnati or #Powell locations
I hope you enjoyed! RT : I'm about to eat some subway. lOl i havent eaten Zaxby's in about two weeks thanks to :D
#NHL cancels Young Stars tournament and overseas games for next season. Not good at all. Preparing for a
Another food truck Friday at cathedral square. #brewernation show us your beastmode and get $1 off any order more than $5
Just had a three way conversation w/ over email, #facebook, and #twitter at the same time.
Garb of justice
Zuckerberg only wanted Instagram because he heard that the Winklevoss brothers bought Hipstamatic and he wanted the same thing but better.
Mimi (Miracle, our cat) said she might make one. :]
don't lie
t i am going to watch this video until i go to sleep let's get this to a million views in 1 week
my undies go through so much. I think they're organizing a union.
Leap year 2012, yes in deed February has 29 days, Good morning bright and smiling faces
Yep, again.
RT : How would you like to be out at Tattoosh Island? Sustained 69 mph, gust to 86
The subtle hilarities of Japanese television are amusing me to no end right now.
I think #Huckabee meant that the #GOP establishment, and not the rank and file, is uniting behind
Did anyone see the aurora in the skys last night? If not keep your eyes peeled tonight, they are a fetching shade of Travail green...AWESOME
Headed to set 4 a long night of filming.... 10pm till 6am.... Ill be tweet'n tonight....
I love grilling out in the winter
Good morning! Thanks for the retweets!
Enjoying a Spurs Game on this last night of my vacation. Two weeks of relaxation to end the year was pretty awesome. Now let's get a win!
starting 3rd place today man i hope you win go kenny go get em
thanks for your support girl! Us Beliebers have to stick together :)
oh sorry haha I meant her .
WOW terrible hacking from me. Thanks for your warning. taken steps not sure it's enough.
Ok then ill ask(:
Do not fear we didn't have to leave school I mean the ceiling could have calapsed but
Arik Cannon pins Erick Stevens with a sunset flip.
I DIDN'T KNOW JORDAN WAS A COUNTRY WHAT
Champagne is on the agenda this evening. Suggestions?
lol! Get money!
just took a tour of my library's adaptive toys collection. apparently we are 3rd library in FL to offer this collection. very impressed!
Dealing with family & work issues just now allowing me to catch these last few minutes of the Bulls game.
That time I found out there's no such thing as a 'Hospitality Tent'.
This Indiana January weather is beautifully insane! Waiting for all hell to break lose one of these days
What is "Ground-truthing" ?
Subway subway subway whadddup.
My birthday is in about a month. It will be weird being 23. What does being 23 feel like I wonder..
Congrats Concord on the win tonight. Kids had fun protesting corporate personhood too.
yeah, smoky bonfire
Caught the comedy special. He had me & rolling! #Josep !
"The LORD approves of those who are good, but he condemns those who plan wickedness." Proverbs 12:2
Wasn't I just putting on sun screen yesterday? Crazy NW weather...
oh that's early /: haha my mom likes Damon and Jeremy more than Stefan lol-.-
The Pope has arrived in Santiago de Cuba. Raul Castro is welcoming him, calls Cuba/Vatican relationship "very good"
1st question is to Gayla Jamison: How does she organize her crews for international production? Also when do you decide to use subtitles
Follow your instincts. That's where true wisdom manifests itself. -Oprah
I know tofu is bad, but its my favorite cooked vegan dish #mapotofu so fucking delicious
#just a taught people buy life insurance to leave their love one money if they die. That might not be good your love one can go to jail
" Our love is like the wind... I can't see it, but I sure can feel it- Landon Carter (from a walk to remember) <3"
Nope. It's not weird. :)
Is that really a surprise that Fox so called news would do that?
The product "The Baby Bullet" makes me feel uncomfortable
I remember wishing I was home from South America so that I could see this match - vs. from 21.
When will #SuperBowlXLVI break Twitter? Guaranteed it's down at least once.
So much work to do before I leave next week, Redic!
I look just like the girls next door... if you happen to live next door to an amusement park. - Dolly Parton
Cool. Going in I figured it would take 9 goals to win
What's New at Big Think - Are We Living in The Post-Romantic Age? bigthink.com/ideas/40334 via
RT : The world is our burrito
inconsistent Price once again..
I'm not saying other countries are better - humans are seemingly cruel
#FF "Student debt foregiveness would be a phenomenal stimulus"
If by "three-day weekend," you mean we're going to Groundhog Day it and repeat today over again...
Don't see how people are still celebrating the game outside by porch drinking/screaming/starting chants #doyougotoschool?
I walked today
Please follow :-)
Imma bout to catch a Case on my birthday. Cuz my momma is gettin on my fuckin nerves before 7 am. Im supposed to be still sleep!
jealous. Bring those boys to Nashville sometime. Please....?
same here
Sounds great! We can get it done. Follow us so that I can DM you my email and start goin' over what you want to have done.
I have to work! :(
RT : Keep in mind: the last time NC voted on marriage - it was to ban interracial marriage.
Later Twitter
At night when I am just hanging out in bed
“Two roads diverged in a wood and I – I took the one less traveled by.” – Robert Frost
'Office's Jenna Fischer 'wants Pam, Jim to break out from their jobs' - Digital Spy
thanks for the #FF love, sweetie!
gone let it out
they spend all day dicking around on social networks instead of fixing their crap.
yayyy Alexis might be coming back<3
wat goes around comes around
good man, thanks for asking. The baby is due June 12. I coach little league baseball and it's just been nonstop.how about you?
All THATcampers should get desert at Franklin Fountain. You will not be sorry.
i really dont care at this point lol i stopped waqtching like forwever ago
40 min! $40 man what I a day with Rachel ray
Rickie Weeks missed a third straight start Monday against the Mets because of a hand/wrist injury
Bobby Valentine couldn't manage a Dairy Queen!
Waiting for good news emails that I just know are being sent to my inbox any minute. Yep. Any minute.
Good morning twitts
I think drastic change could = collapse, like if humanities & language depts die. that's a trade school, not a university.
follow first :) i will be at 568. wbu??
Shit's about to get real at boozecamp, yo. (See what I did there. I got all "gangsta". I mean there are some big developments coming.)
he never actually said that they were dating so I don't think he would say if they broke up or not.
all good. How's Philly?
who do you think is gonna take it all the way?
Ok finishing up website today. Adding the last bit of content and we should be ready to launch by Wednesday.
Congrats to facebook winners: Keir Mclaren and Deborah Dobias, First and Fourth place winners!
Nope they have to ruin what is a hobby to most of us, so they can feel important in some way. Put that effort into real life!
there is Sam Barrington for you! Thanks you too :)
Also not a very good website.
lol everybody was asking where jada
7pm tonight Hill Park (behind Seton Hall U.),will be a candlelight vigil in remembrance of Trayvon Martin. Wear a Hoodie in solidarity.
Nothing would make me happier than my going home right now. I hate school -_-
1st game called at half due to lightning. Lost 0-1. On to breakfast!
VIP treatment for me.....lol
I Was Kinda Sorta Thinking you Should kinda Sorta Share Your Last Name With Me.. ❤
hot like mexico
Houston we have a problem =\
I really wish i knew what i wanted my career to be
you spelled my twitter name wrong -_____-
Can not sleep! I hate feeling this way
no problem :) xx
#MemphisTigers nice win
So looks like one person likes to party???
no its a hat with a mexican mustach and says dirty sanchez on the back its a snapback
LOL! It's a $2,500 per bottle white wine...a gift. Grounded still in Africa hot weather even @ 3 A.M.
approves our music because we don't use foul language in our lyrics
enjoying a beautiful day off with my kids. I got all but one of my reports done!
happy new year to you too!!
Sex is only important if you're not getting any!
Everyone please pray for moms surgery to go okay tomorrow morning! <3
Really? I like it. Not a lot of tannins, some slight hint of fruit I think. I'll see what happens tomorrow, should be ok.
thanks, you too!!
You are an inspiration for many, my friend! Refuse discouragement and press fwd!
my birthdays this weekend, it would be the best birthday ever if you followed me! :) x
M stands for modified
aww thanks! And i hope so too! (:
At Wendy's.
Banger in the mouth!
Tomorrow it's my Birthday and I already had a gifts from all my friends! Love them so much! :)
Just read the story... awesome.!
Lol I'll be in town June 1-10th : We need to have an HHC reunion with all the old heads. I'm technicall ...
Why, yes, I would rather be asleep, thank you....
Just got back from a great Acceptance Journey training at work from Diverse & Resilient
Trust Issues
throwing at the head may be illegal off the field, but so is Ray Lewis tackling people! On-field action diff than off
I bit my tongue :(
And boom goes the dynamite says kevin Garnett
Who has extra coats lying around? There are plenty of people who need them! We are a #coats for Colorado drop off location
My smartphone has saved my ass so many times.
Who let's there 14 and 15 year olds get tattoos? Seriously.
Got an email from my Mom saying that she was sailing past the Strait of Gibraltar. She's on her way to Barcelona!
You definitely have a dog. If you jog or run you are officially a Seattleite (?).
Visit to read up on the first things #interviewers notice about you, courtesy of Careers Editor
yea. Sorry iPod died.
Just accidentally saw the cover of TIME magazine and now understand why everyone's feathers are so ruffled. WOW.
we are mahomies, and Austin isnt a joke. i'll talk to you when he is tha top shit okay?
We need to stay healthy. We needed Lin and Shumpert in that series but I like what The Pacers are doing there real physical
AUSTINS FINALLY ON!
that is so rad too! to be your cute kids and your adorable pup!
Pedicures: Paying forty bucks to get made fun of in a different language.
No one gives a fuck what you are doing right now so stop tweeting about it!
Motion on magnet policy fails 4-4 after long discussion.
Vegas. Yet again just a fly through.
Super Shapes
We will be hiking and creekstomping this weekend! Love getting out in nature, just beautiful!
go worship your shirt in the hallway and we will watch our Championship banner wave!
Salute these great engineers highly recommend these guys !!!
So De'Andre Puked On My Hair Straighteners.. Won't Be Using Those Again.
Getting ready to upload latest site - Cures For Headaches. Headache help anyone?
Well earlier then I usually get up 4 school
Seriously want to go buy one of those funnel cakes
Did you know that most Celestial Seasoning and Bigelow Brand teas contain soy lecithin? Check their websites to see if your favorite does!
But srsly I hate when people act smarter than they actually are
jammin all day, every day...
O.o tis seems as though thee is reading mine's cranial capacity..#uhmwut? hahahaha why did i go all 1800's?
#WTFWasYouThinking MTV I thought it was music television what are doing give reality tv at 5 in the morning.....
good luck today 3
just don't kick this one until I see it first. I prefer my puppies alive
happy birthday! 22
RT : i want some pussy...
BIG congrats! Way to go!
#FF Some great #Seattle #nonprofit tweeps
Oh, Rush. Shut up. Just shut up. Please.
Thanks for all of your hard work! Grey's and Private Practice are amazing! Can't wait to see what next season has in store!
If this ear is bleeding now, it's really going to be bad when I really start stretching.
stop it
Is "stoopid windy" a meteorological term?
You are to cute!
Oh wonderful! Happy Journaling!
Me and my bro need to have a session a.d catch up
Thanks for following!
ahaha its fine. and yeah i see lol, you should text me 515-971-0378 :]
it can do that to u.
Yea boy u like it, yea boy u like it, love it wen u talk that talk to me yea!
Reverend Charlie Cox raises their hands in victory as they stand over the fallen Mike Quackenbush and Colt Cabana.
East or West Village? Cuz, you know... I know people. ; )
I'm 5'4 and the guy Im supposed to smash is 5'10 hehe but I'm be in tennis shoes
No you busted your ass!!!!RT : By the way that wasn't a slip; I was imitating Punk the Drunk. I never make mistakes u wannabes...
Thanks, ! Every little bit helps!
FaceTime with my mom and sis :)
He let me hit the weed, baby let your mind go ;*
Had a great time at this morning's 5k -- what a great cause! Congrats to all runners, kids and kids at heart.
I was late! RT : I ALREADY KNOW IS ON TWITTER!! As a welcoming gift I gave her Batwings!
All this test-driven development talk is making me queasy.
RT : that sounds like a great turnout. $25 iTunes gift card standing by and a fun presentation from
I love me some craisins!
The exciting moment when you get a mention notification from twitter only to be let down when you see it's from a spam account :[
is excited to be presenting & exhibiting on redesigning security. JOIN US TODAY at 10:15am.
We agree as well. Always appreciate the great advice from for the #InteriorDesign community
thx...great article!
Cant wait to hear your thoughts! I would suggest 1/2 a Harvest Benny and 1/2 OMG French Toast and a mimiosa.#perfect breakfast
#latenight taco craving
Boys, these days..
How fabulous. Most of the new visitors to my site today seem to be spammers. Awesome.
thank you :) sorry I'm late !! Hope to meet many of
I started to tell him Sydad lol
I know! I'll hit you when I get in. Do you guys have practice today? -
Sorry RT : I'm not a fan of the superman music.
Ugg I Swear My Mom Be Tripping... X_X
that same person has been using that line for every exam and every level of schooling.
The senses lure you to indulge in the many sense objects. But the senses pull you only as long as you identify with your physical body.
It was great speaking to you today.
What was the score?
girl just tell me when and I'm down
If a #medschool library, I'd ask, "which muscle?"
It's moving day!
Ugh! I can't sleep!
Bodysurfing at the beach. Gardening blowout... hedge and tree removal. Barbecued corn on the cob and porkchops with applesauce. Yeah, a...
RT : RT : Q3) How to be a better facilitator from within the crowd, not in front of it.
who you calling a slut?!
I couldn't date a girls with a manly voice, it's a turn off. Like why is your voice as deep as mine? Why?
ok cool thank you
ONE-LINER: Does the name Pavlov ring a bell?
Roll up.
dude, you just won the internet today imo.
Man, U R FunnnEEEE! Check out RockyTop Playhouse in Pigeon Forge TN, got friends there U need to meet. Say Reeds sent U.
I did give in and I guess it was OK!
It's official, never trading because I'm follwing him on twitter.
Looking for Halloween Decor? Shop at Scottsville Farmers Market! Our very talented crafters and artisans have what you're looking for.
going to see the home then hitting up the studio after let's get it
<singing>As we lift our hands, in praise we sing; we acknowledge you are Lord of everything; the son of God, the holy one...
To anyone born on leap day, I'm curious - how/when do you celebrate in non-leap years? And happy birthday, by the way.
True dat, C.S. #goodfriday RT He who has God and everything else has no more than he who has God only. -CSLewis
Randy Orton going too win
Sorry I've been outta the loop!I'm back! Is all well with finding a home, etc?!!! Missed ya!
And that is why this account-wide complaining bothers me. They are upset because their "proof" allegedly has less weight.
Soo glad i don't have to wake up tomorrow morning!!
Home alone....well there's only one thing to do!! *Plays Moving On full blast*.....BEST DAY EVER!!!!!!!!
Thks for the chuckle, now where are my mints this morning! RT : It was a terrible and smelly observation!
OMG, I REALLY LOVE THE SONG 11:11.
Excited to report over 60 toys were donated for The Toy Box Connection. There are going to be some lucky children receiving some awesome...
#DailyRebellion: "Don't worry about a thing/'Cause every little thing gonna be all right."
What reforms, Bill? Simple majority to pass tax increases, perhaps? After all, we are SO undertaxed in this state.
Last official weekend living in #Boston. I made it nearly 2 years. *sigh
We would move Woodson to safety. Gives him a longer football life. He is the leader of our D. is a beast... Start him
“: Friends don't let friends miss new episodes of #newgirl ” we're totes watching when I get home tmrw!
Finally started to do my homework and Diego comes home -___- But I still love him :)
Thanks! Very nice facebook page!
You are really suffering aren't u Nette? Traveling to Hawaii n all lol. In serious tho, after u rest up we should catch up.
Bumped into my old boo Miss Gean not too long ago ☺😍
I hope everyone has a wonderful day :)
RT : Podcast: National Digital Information Infrastructure and Preservation Programs at the Library of Congress....
Has to be in house or a coordinator. There's no way a coach leaves their school again this late prior to signing day.
Watching 700 Club
Just got a very cool job offer via FB Chat. This is the future.
Listen to the hottest in Dade county @ www.305movement.com
You miss 100% of the shots you don't take. - Wayne Gretzky
stop, stop, hold up, too much money to fold up.....
Great job tonight. Next time sing Cannonball another awesome Damien Rice song!
Midnight on May 4th can't come soon enough for me.
Add me to the list of people having Safari 5.1 issues on Lion...people who solve them by switching to Chrome.
Can't BELIEVE THIS SHIT!! How the hell am i waking up super early everyday!! hm..Cause im getting my buff on!! P90X in the morning
What has everyone been doing in this beautiful weather?! Let's see some pictures! Post them here or tweet them to us at !
Super Cute "Now We Know" this morning on
alrighty here's the deal, I just took down all my posters in my room. all 503 of them.
That sounds good to us. We're always up to our elbows in it!
That looks awesome!!!
The band just posted brand new video to www.nemesysband.com
Me + Nicole = Cinnamon Challenge x 2 = Hillarious. (:
I didn't sing at all man Ms.Spann could've waited
thanks for the mention!
Tony Stark
I hate that I always love the shows that get canceled. Do I love bad tv? Probably.
call me maybe<3
The later I'm up the more horny I get. An I be up till like 5
Saturday it is!
May be catching Noesi's last start for a bit. Enjoy.
Ladies Night is tonight!!! Ladies enjoy 1/2 price drinks from 6pm-close! We also have Happy Hour 1/2 price wine, beer & sushi from 4-6pm!
PERFECT! You've inspired me....off to Gelson's
Hey. Been a long time. All is well on this end. How are you & your fam? I was in DE for 24hrs in March.
aw you look so sweet with your braces off!!<3 I won't get mine off for like 3 years cuz I got mine a few months ago!!:/
I wish would man up to his bet. He just knows he's gonna be losing that money.
#pw2012 50% of children in New Mexico live in poverty
You Are Very Beautiful! Can I Plz Get A Retweet And A Follow Back ?
Happy new year! 🎉
Enjoy your time in Chicago...go ahead and tap those toes!
So why is it that I get more followers on the days I don't tweet than the days I tweet.
Can't wait for this party:D
Now for a second run at the daily highs without Mr Tech. Amazing. There are some big hits on the NASDAQ
He lives in Arizona. I never met him in person. Why do I feel this way?
The humidity is starting to decrease! Oh happy day!
I was thinking there needs to be an SKC scrub hat or at least a patch so we can make our own
RT : Failure is simply the opportunity to begin again, this time more intelligently. ~ Henry Ford
“: I'm feelin a full out Twitter war.... #classic” #fightforfreedom 😉
I'm officially DONE and it's not even Wednesday.
Wayne Coyne from the Flaming Lips. WEIRD, I KNOW.
RT : darling, you always crack me up! )--I keep trying to divine the future by studying the PowerPoint entrails....
Going too skool
One thing is for certain. I will be having a beer tonight. Maybe two.
Another performance nite at Vintage Ultra Lounge w and more! #WHOOP!!
I swear this life I live is amazing. I need a reality tv show
I'm listening to Voyagers of the Titanic
Off to the club with
Some may say my time would be better spent finishing this quarter's assignments instead of shopping for next quarter's books
Language development, pointing skyward: 12 mo. "Ah-cha!" 18 mo. "Ah-plah!" 20 mo. "Air plane!" 21 mo. "Huge plane!" (or) "Tiny plane!"
thanks Tony!
I obviously have to go to bed right when has a twitter party. Well there goes all my chances of getting noticed:(
thanks for following :) have you tried posting some of you work on our app?
Practice, practice, and more practice! No matter how talented you are, you still gotta practice!
fair enough!
No school monday!:D huray!
BTW your the most beautiful girl in the world
Two walk-off HRs in as many nights for the Sox. First, Jones. Now, Rios. Get involved.
should be going home to do english coursework..instead I'm going to party at ediesss;D.
“: A very Russian day. Reading Dr. Zhivago on the bus. Schi for lunch. Wearing Fabergé earrings.”
God uses pain to bring peace.
5 button mouse support added in #VirtualBox 3.1.0! The best desktop vm software just got better!
Orange Saturday
thank u. I definitely need sleep soon.
welcome to Twitter!
Don't forget to sign up for Fri's 1pm User Group ft. ASU Jonesboro's myCampus Enterprise Edition portal. Email
It’s Wednesday! What do you want to refocus on? What are you grateful for? #magpiemidweek #gratitude #focus (via )
Were you able to read this? Text You of the day: "Thank you for all the gifts I don't even think about"
thank you :)
You would through a Florida sticker on there. Although I may not be a fan, I support school spirit! ;)
The only thing that would make you hotter is a fractured skull and some blood. Isn't that your trademark look?
Can't Wait!!!
i don't understand why Tre keeps selling stories to magazines cept for the money, she's not helping matters...
Seriously is such an inspiration for me. I cannot wait for her EP
You should start making advertisements too! Lol. Nope I have 105... do you know how much it costs to change it, if possible?
I DNT TRY TO GET TO CLOSE N PERSONAL WITH MY FRIENDS CUZ SOME CAN TURN THERE BACKS!! I KEEP A TIGHT CIRCLE AROUND ME!!!
thanks for trying again, hope you like! Follow us on twitter to find out when the film is coming back your way!
Home from my first day as an intern at the ! Not gone for long as back down to the station in an hour for some training!
do u ever wish u could have anything or anyone so much u start actually trying to make it happen
Antidepressants may compromise romantic love because they enhance serotonin levels
RETWEET THIS IF U KNW THE HEAT AND THE THUNDER ARE GOIN 2 BE IN THE FINALS THIS YEAR
I am. Hope you're having a GREAT day too!!!---Last one had a typo! LOL!!
I've never really been in town for Texas relays but everyone in Austin seems pretty racist to me right now.
When Joan Rivers cries I cry. :'(
Somebody is fishing outside my apartment in full gear. There is no water of any kind.
great game, right!?!
I really mean Dick Van Dyke, dunni. Chim chiminee etc. Does little side step on luvverly Larndon street. "Gor Blimey" etc.
I'm thinking Better Off Dead would be a good night cap.
RT : Anyone can give up, only successful people keep trying.
Love a nice warm moist seat on the metro
My love and obsession for is a bit drastic. #lovemyrangers #worldseries2012 ❤💙
hey! He's on here: Hey Comp--pls send RBI your contact info. I don't have a current # for you. Thanks :)
Relationships aren't toys, you can't just pick one up play with it, drop it, and move right along to the next one.
I hate that's all merica
ah, went into the bum steer file 12 hours ago
I retweeted that tweet as well!
Awww :( That's sad but I understand why. Well, we'll miss you.
My local book has philles -1.5 +125, I dont bet baseball but that looks pretty damn good.
Tweaking mixes. It's hard not to be a control freak in this stage of a song.
The sun stays longer. The momentum of winter Carries the dark chill.
At 618 its cold as a bitch. Line slow as a bitch
I can't decide which film's trailer looks more hideous, The Dictator or That's My Boy. I mean, really... death by gun or death by knife?
NBC: Mitt Romney and Rick Santorum are meeting Friday morning in Pittsburgh
No L1 C4 tattoo for Drew!!
Good of #22 to come out tonight. rules!
*~bored AT home shoulda went to skool today but i just didnt feel like it at all~*
see, there's some good emotion :) I'm really glad that is working out! I know you love kids!
More writing next week for a series of new short video projects, plus some design/creative projects to keep me busy.
Now playing "Good and Terrible"
you should come to #Tulsa Pride in June
Happy Leap Day!
Good Luck :)
And buy izzy a car lol RT : #IfIWonTheMegaMillion I Would go CRAZY, and cry of happiness
awh shucks :3 BUT YOU MUST STUDY! If you study and get your license, you can drive to work. And that means more money for 1D !
yeah, sorry bro
Once again, i am bored. i need more homies XP
Anyone know of a site I can watch the NBA playoff games on?
hope to see you on Sunday! :)
Going to hard rock in Florida
Need a place for a party? Wanna learn some hott, sexy new dance moves? Check out Rhythma Studios we teach variety of dance styles&more!
"He is patient with you. Not wanting anyone to perish, but everyone to come to repentance." (2 Peter 3:9)
Good Morning.... Happy Hump Day!
completely agree
also just to tell u I also play hockey
Its a miracle I made it through the early years of MerDer!
Feeling unwell and my hubby is out of town until tomorrow. Sad face.
Whoever.was able to get VIP is really lucky and i would die for that. My mom been tryin to get vip since the presale startin
any stats on how many times Burke has taken the last shot of the 1st half this season when we have the oppty?
if you have any questions or would like to host a catalog, online, or home party, email me at :)
: Rite! I hate dat bitch! Lol!
the goodies were awesome. Frisbee yoyo kazoo clown nose candy. Thanks again
Really? Have you read the book?
Ugh, waiting blows.
yes excellent work Lizzie
There's no question you can get by without the 300,000 mobile apps out there. BUT if you're a music fan, your definition of need may wither!
#liber2011 David Prosser, RLUK: Working group investigating cloud computing for development of a UK-wide shared cataloging system.
sweet! Pack me in your suitcase!
I wanna go home !
This blunts for you Bob........ Saget
Very good! Excellent service, food was wonderful. Dining rm noisy, w/wooden floors/high ceiling. Might try bar area next time.
Congrats buddy! How fun! : Guess who's going to the Critics' Choice Movie Awards tomorrow night?! This guy! (Major HT to )
we just got a boxer puppy and soo many people have asked if she is a pug because she is only 7wks and tiny
Cuz we are living in a material squirrel and I am a material squirrel
And people wonder why I'd rather watch sports nearly constantly? Gosh
My fav Lykke Li just joined Miike Snow on stage. Loving this!!
Graduation Day!
The only thing I hate more than reality TV is music-based reality TV. But damnit, I love
There are few things better than happy hour sushi
miss you
Not sure if I should thank you or hate you! Still recovering from 1 too many ritas...those things are strong! DJ was rockin too.
N O
tell Chris McCarrell I say hiya. I love Bloody Bloody Old Hickory
New goal in life, now that Jim Bob and I have both moved to KC, I need to become his wingman. Someone find me a Facebook page or a phone #
ayee . i miss you too. i cant even think of da last time i seen YOU lol . can u ?? haha
#MahoneOnB96 TREND IT!!! :)
I love how all of Lville fans comebacks for our NATIONAL CHAMPIONSHIP in basketball is football. Y'all beat us once out of the past 4 years.
Just finished presenting to hs seniors how to write personal statements thru Young Urbanites Unite! Lloyd is doing great work!
The parade loves you back....you and all your lil leprechauns!!!!
Got my new pow skis today. I might have to head up to Crystal to get my fix this weekend.
Thanks for tweeting the article about me winning, guys! I appreciate the mention :)
I needed the good news
. Is it the same? Eminem makes statement for Chrysler (Detroit authentic) & Brisk (edgy). Lima(even 2x) just a pretty face for the guys
lol me too that and so co I just like to drink lol
por favor no flirting on my TL I'm about to throw up
Stupid Andrew instigates shit.
I like the pic. Cute kid's
ha that's my dad :)
FischerWhat is this life if, full of care, We have no time to stand and stare?W
We should should jam soon.
awe, tomorrow's picture will make you more like this 😂
Grinding In Tha Booth
Its kfc bitch
Glasses broke -___-
Wow, I'm only 100 away from 1000 followers - neat.
what in hell did I just do?
thnx mama pat for lettin me followin u on to twitter
Also- the Popular page... Another instagram mystery. Everyone brace for 10 million pics of my cat and an accompanying YouTube page.
When Tom sits behind me in bio and attempts to choke me halfway thru the period....... 😳
please email us at and we'll fix 'er up!
Thanks to my broski for last night
The Collegetown Shuttle is running on its regular schedule today!
You're very welcome!
#glowstickofdestiny *umbrella hits Angela's ankle*
Join us next week for more wrestling action on Underground Television!
Coming up at 6pm, Timbers Army vet Shawn Levy joins us, plus a free pair of tickets to next Saturday's match... TI30 at 6pm on Ch 12.
Love how preaches droid > iPhone yet everyday from him and I get random old texts bcause they have to turn phone off
Damn! I was on avail for that. RT Pentagon accuses "Chinese actors" of being world's biggest perpetrators of economic espinoage
American Beauty
You shoot me down but I won't fall
yup haha u gotta problem with that :P
Maybe I should just leave you guys alone.
nigga, you go to sleep haha
A two-year-old is kind of like having a blender, but you don't have a top for it. - Jerry Seinfeld
Beavis & Butt-Head. Tonight. 10pm. MTV.
My Indian porn name is Watch n Wack.
aye bro you get my text?
I wish I could just stamp an image of Peggy Olson headdesking on some of these papers.
You just made my weekend! There's a Jackson Brodie tv series?! I may be clueless but I have plugged-in friends.
Just wanna get this quiz over with so I can go home
#PlansForTheSummer Take over the world!
Mercury Retrograde - GREAT 4 rewriting, cleaning out closets, hearing from old friends, throwing out old STUFF; ideas, habits, relationships
I've had it for awhile. Auntie brought it down from the islands for me!
Thank you, and I am following you. (MaSalam Alaikim, or AhlSalam Alaikim in Egypt? Mostly the latter in Kuwait 25 yrs ago)
thanks for checking it out at least! if you know anyone who might dig it feel free to share it tho :D have a great day!
Red, white, blues in the sky, summer's in the air baby, heaven's in your eyes.
RT My aunt and her kids live next door to us and both sides of the house are blasting music lmao
Yes, and you're also going to want to rip your hair out.
#FollowHeffrondrive or Die. It's that simple.
RT : Who's talking about you online? It takes seconds to make or break your reputation on the web; protect it accordingly!...
Amy will be in Dallas, Texas Feb. 18th and 19th, not for a concert, but for her son's state chess tournament.
You lucky bastard. I really want to go to an anime convention sometime.
20% of all our sales today will be donated to the Japan Relief Effort via the American Red Cross. Hope you can make it.
My baby girl is also 7 months old today. Mommy loves you soo much Leah! #proudmommy (: <33
Between takes...cast just chilling for the moment...
Yes. We would be interested
Long day, think I'll watch a movie. Feeling privileged as a beta-tester for #seenth.at - can't wait for when it's finished!
Shot for me-drake=amazing<333
you guys work with boston models??
Pulizzi: Without transduction, narrative vacillates between biological and technological artifact.
i've never considered myself a speed demon until i moved to LA. you guys are maniacally sloow
Whatever. Fuck it
in lieu of flowers, please pass healthcare.
Thanks so Much!!stay dry & safe this weekend!!
“It’s True…You “Can’t Go Home Again.” …Something About the Rent…
Today has been one of the best blessed days of 2012 !!! #LettingThingsGo AMEN! !!!!!
San Antonio's trusted name in t-shirt & custom apparel screen printing & embroidery. Hit us! You'll love the prices, turn time & service.
we smoke dope all day all night
i doubt ima go to the party that's going down * shrugs *
#BackInElementarySchool I used to spend my whole Saturday outside even when it rained
Elephant bar for lunch m, what a perfect Sunday so far! Can't wait for church later tonight
It's intensified now w/SC, Twitter, FB + more $, demands. MJ never had the power to fire PJ. As such, Howard has to deliver.
congrats to you Glen! That's got to be fun gig. We were just there is Santa Monica at the studio with you all.
im gettin me a weddin band from me to me;)
is grooving to some Alternative music!!!
Day-wind, breaker. Perfect!
#SymhonyCrack cures.. get addicted
I just auditioned for Jmcasting
There's no retirement for an artist, it's your way of living so there's no end to it. - Henry Moore
Yes they are! Sorry I didn't see your message soon enough. How are you?
Got your email! Pumped man!
I can't log in using twitter anymore. I don't want to loose my points. Please save me!
“Small acts, when multiplied by millions of people, can transform the world.” - Howard Zinn
Decided it's definitely time to start planning a summer trip....
I was hoping the O's could have split the series but oh well still tied for 1st
A penny with 2 nickels makes way more noise than a full piggy bank!
I'm in a van en route to Houston, so that was definitely a doppelgänger. I'm heartily waving back in my mind though. Hi!
The powers of Netflix at work.
#NP skinny love by birdy Love this song
As the Queen.. Would say it! " Thank Crunchie it's friday'..
lol kick the bucket? What is this language yu are speakin?
all fine-tuned athletes need an off-season
people-watching with you that includes tall men racing up the steps is the best - thanks friend for bringing me along
I've been thinking about Zen a lot lately, so that scene hit home for me too. Terrific movie, thanks for the tweet.
Just saw the supermoon its shining bright right now.
so sorry to hear that love! We will be praying for you! Remember that ur better than that and will make it through!
A kiss with a fist is better than none.
i think you are the most beautiful girl in all the world.
At least he might see a world series this way.
Connor snodsmith is the love of my life
Just leaving the NYU Press reception for Robin Bernstein's 'Racial Innocence' -- ordered my copy and got to talk to some alums.
LORD JESUS! they dance really perfectly for their age
sorry that is just awful to hear #signdayisworse 😡
Last day to follow us for chance to win $50 gas card! Winner named 11/1. Double your chances to win & "LIke" us on Facebook.
what a slide into first! very close!
F#ck the Sun God!!.. Could we get a little rain? the grass is dying and it hurts to walk on bare foot.
reading all the sweet notes people wrote me made want to cry. 😢 they're so cute, i love my friends. ❤
what is keeping textbook companies from creating more interactive etextbooks?
Damn I haven't been on here in forever
looking Good (: <3
Free shot of Powers w/ checkin & we also connected to untappd.com gotime.com. Like us & we'll like you back
Some things are better left unsaid.
happy #Bunny day back atcha
Loving the homemade banana bread my roomie made:)
doing it right now as we speak
I love it.
Im ready for vacation to be over, but not ready to go back to class... #BERKLEEONAMONDAYMORNING -__-
Celebrate new year's eve-eve with us tonight! We have live music and ....beer!
Platypus Diversity (tm) - "Action By Choice, Not By Necessity"
come spend some time in Los Angeles. We do endlessly circling low-flying police choppers better than anyone.
It's new service...LI was just here last week to brief us on it. I think its launched!
The start the season this wkd! Win your tix to tomorrow's gm vs. and passes to our pregame tailgate this hr w/...
Understanding human needs is half the job of meeting them
we love we have a review on them! Thanks for the shoutout
aw I hate test lol :p
A person can apologize and we can forgive them, but sometimes we just can't forget the pain that they gave us.
just made my morning seeing him Live on my television. Haha
we need to get south Florida standing by the panthers. Sun sentinel needs to start reserving space on 1c. It's our year.
help us get more followers, RT if you support us!!!!
i didn't know that. Rookie Maldonato on the pole! This will be an interesting race.
Bieber's really annoying about the date thing. u should call him on it, yank his pants down right there... theatre, darling.
"You shoot like Ray Charles" -Dano haha
WHEN WILL YOU FOLLOW WHAT DO I HAVE TO DO?
ohh.. im not a directioner so i wouldnt know what to call them
Man Eric Hutchison is getting down
I'm glad you have fun man! Def come say what's up tomorrow
of course #TeamFollowBack !!!!
well it should be on the show! so many #portlandia segments could be done just featuring real portlanders and events etc.
I love the fearlessness of Thank you for illuminating so many voices that have been silenced in this nation!
Yes because texting requires you to focus on something other than driving ....but I rarely try to FOCUS on my drunkenness
(btw, if you liked Yiddish Policemen you should def. check out Kavalier & Clay. It has a golem.)
Happy Easter! He is Risen! Amen!
Drug suspensions should be lengthened or shortened based on a Mitchell Factor - is the excuse more or less plausible than DM in '98
oh okay have fun
¿Qué cosa te pone de los nervios? / What does get you on your nerves?
I'm glad! We want to keep you in the loop.
"We're each other's settling soul mates."
HEALTHCARE- A college degree in healthcare insurance in one book. Get yours today and start your healthcare reform www.theprofittrap.com
Lolz, she would!
Conductive charging, wireless sync, bluetooth, why don't we have waterproof phones yet?
Good answers on our Twitter Poll (Please RT!) - Whats the last professional sporting event you attended? NBA, NFL, MLB or NHL?
"you're a sweet sensitive girl who doesn't like being mad."
Great day 1 #jdcdc pulling elementary school performance data from PDFs
are you at Dave's
On the way back to NYC. Had a fun month on tour with Michael Buble in the US. Now for a little time at home!
let the fun begin
Hey Hey Hey how are you? (:
thanks lady! so good meeting you
it's toilet tv. I can't help it!
Oh yes, I've heard of those...Something else to look forward to.
Congradulations for having ur baby luv her name nd btw ur a warrior cause she was a big baby i knw u nd the hubby r happy
Congrats to the on their 4th straight GFL championship
please stay forever #thankyou :)
Miami Vice!
Filmmaker wants to make CLERKS I, but as a Broadway play instead of a movie!
We're at the Generous Helpings Patron Party
A job is about your next paycheck; a career is about next year's paychecks.
so ready for a new season. Tony Lucca messed up the integrity of season 2
Boy: She's hot. Girl: She's a b-tch . Girl: He's hot. Boy: He's gay."
gotta work man :(
I feel sad.
Tell Dan it's Hos-a not Hose-a!
RT Think out side the box
I got 99 problems and they're all bitches!!!
"The sharper you are at noticing other people's failings, the more apt you will be to overlook your own." ~ St. Ignatius Loyola
just ate two kiwis and now my tongue stings... >.<
"WHY DO YOU WEAR THAT RUG???"
Very proud to be a Sigma Chi!
=) RT My bra keeps unfastening on it's own...apparently it didn't get the memo that these are working hours right now!
HEY!! Fuck you buddy
Thanks for getting the word out about our Android giveaway to celebrate First Then Visual Schedule on Android!
Your face...i like that shit (;
CRAFTY DEAL: Elisa Share (booth 163) is offering 10% off entire purchase when you mention seeing this tweet
Thank you!
Come by and see us at next week! We will be giving away jetbrains personal licenses!
RT : Our greatest weakness lies in giving up. The most certain way to succeed is always to try just one more time. -T. Edison
Kobe go kill tonight
Raised beds are in. just moved 5 tons of soil twice. Lettuce planted. Time for the 8 jet tub. Your salads are so local now.
I just finished a 0.79 mi run with a pace of 18'47"/mi with Nike+ GPS.
I LOVE YOU LIKE A LOVE SONG BABY <3
yea :D
The Igloo would have been proud of us all tonight. It's spirit finally lives on, in our new home.
Would you be available next Weds night for an appearance on the F*BALL Podcast?
I still Got it for Ya
Louise antm British invasion
Going the extra mile for our customers is common practice.. Let us show you how customer service should be. Call us on 0844 880 2010
sure am
5:00 is such a bitch. Insomnia is such a bitch. I'm about to just eat a bottle of sleeping pills. Or just watch full house until I pass out.
....that almost scared the tweet out of me, almost...;)
If home is where the heart is then we're all just fucked.
red carpet night laterr
You got 3 options run ride or hide
well tell her never mind then
Can't wait to be with #oomf this weekend 😍💘
One win. Just one win. All I'm asking.
As Dad used say, we're outta here like a herd o turtles.
THANKS GUYS -
(swooning at the thought of Dean's papers). Tam Lin is one of my all-time favorite comfort books. Great news!
Long day, big exam tomorrow : (
Quiz: Hunger Games Quiz
RT #askanything: Classic Rock or Classic R&B? // flip a coin
A relationship built entirely on physical pleasure has shallow roots
The only instant messaging I do is with my middle finger. Everyone is #NEWtech dependant :(
I know I was so happy for Jermaine he reminds me so much of you!! I really hope you get your back chk'd out
Pretty stoked surpassed 100,000 followers. Well deserved.
#Syracuse - Looking 4 #thingstodoinsyracuse? Check out Youth Day @ SPAR Space in State Tower-11-4PM 4/28-Build a sculpture/design a statue!
Morning to you Matt!! I drink a lot of water but I've never heard of #MIO I will check it out! =)
she's going toget
change your twitcon.
I love worst cooks. I now know I'm not the only person who can't cook.
what the fuck is up with all the moronic drivers at walmart? 3rd close today call due to a ditzy young blonde not paying attention.
YOU DO! Lmao, shhh don't tell anyone :)
My socks have mustaches on them, I can't lose today.
im getting so sick of internet commercials. I can't even watch a 5 second clip before sitting thru some dumb ad.. this sucks...
It's College Night! Free Chicken Sandwich when you buy a Lg. Drink & Lg. Waffle Fry. Deals start at 5pm :)
I may be able to get it for you within your budget.
That was crazy. What a game.
hahahah u and i both!!! :D
Had a few beers with my protégé tonight. Rehashed some stories I had forgotten.
i will not buy diablo3. i will not buy diablo3. i will not buy diablo3. i will not buy diablo3. i will not buy diablo3.
Super dinnertime discussion about social media while in Berlin tonight. Looking forward to more at tomorrow!
not yet, but almost!!!
Wow we have ourselves a game here...Denver looks really focused right now
Now that's an awesome bday extravaganza!
so funny... After its over I'm heading to walmart... Hm...
new twitter interview question: "now do that while banagramming"
i don't understand why girls have to be in each other's captions in their profile pictures...
OH: The sun moved? When did it start doing that?
I did (only a little crazy).. lives here in Boston
": Any guy who thinks he's playing a real woman is actually playing himself. A real woman is a great gain, so that's his loss."
Hey, SPHers, congratulations on wrapping up the school year. On to summer!
Let me know who still needs a follow back if I haven't already followed you back! <3
This lady gave me $3 in bills and added 5 more bucks on the receipt! :D
YARCE! Keep me posted on where you is
I LOVE YOU! TE AMO! JE'TAIME (if thats how u spell it lol) anyways I LOVE YOU
RT : Today, right now, take 5 minutes & plan out Monday morning. Bonus points if you'll spend 15 minutes & plan your week.
Big thanks to for making it down to Brooklyn to see Wonderful Town at !
PickUpLine: Nice pants, can I test the zipper?
ATTENTION STEELERNATION.....RT : “: IT bout to be one hell of a year bruh
I know! And looks like he's dived right in. It's glorious.
Less than an hour left of Sleepy but still walking. Feeling good about all we've accomplished.
What is it with random people calling me today!? Where are people getting my number?
How are you matey? Sounds like you're extremely busy. Well, just wanna say hi! [waving profusely]
Howdy ! Hanes ComfortBlend would annihilate ComfortSoft in a street fight.
No, I love this stuff. I just like to hold it accountable.
Q6 Can you eat gluten-free without being in a specific gluten-free restaurant?
Yeesh. RT : The youngest pitcher in the Brewers' organization is 21.
thanks for featuring our event last month. Our next event is April 15.
i need 2b on dat same tip...
SEO your LInkedIn profile spell out acronyms and include key words
We are in week #4 of Off-Season phase 1 w/ the HCC Mens Returners. What I am impressed w/ is the energy brought 2 each workout has not faded
Thanks for the S.O. Glad you enjoy the service as much as we enjoy feeding you!
I know. It's so cool!
aww - what an awesome brother you are - she has a nice smile - she must be such a sweetheart! :)
This Friday we are hosting a Kids Mardi Gras with Yo Mamas and Papas at Tickets are $5 at door. Kids under 5 are FREE!
On my way to airport to fly to Minneapolis for Carleton College Asian American convocation.
just added myself to the beta tester list. can't wait to try it out.
Harry Potter likes Tragedy Called Truth....YOU SHOULD TOO....Join us....tragedycalledtruth.com
If I were to train with any athlete in the world, I would train with ___________.
Beckett? 500K per START, canNOT start so plays GOLF? WT? "No incentive" is RIGHT #PlanetMikey #TheBigShow #M&M #D&C (&M)
Arik Cannon vs. Erick Stevens is up next.
if you went gay for any man, who would it be?
Hey Providence, thanks for playing. - Sincerely, Syracuse
where you headed?
Yo! I left your cardigan on your chair at work. :)
The joys and hurts for better or worse i still will choose you first.
42 Hour Zine Challenge starting soon!! Everyone's a winner!!
in any case my main point was to undermine the romantic anti-capitalist notion that we could return to some imaginary
Happy Birthday fellow #tAG member
Support Ur Boy By Downloading The New Hip-Hip Mix...Thanks For Everyone's Love...
Find that happy place and close out the world and relax to your favorite music today!
HaPPy HuMp DAY Twitters! LOL!♥
Amazing lunch from today - thanks for the Limeade I got a few sips before drank it all =)
I take it back about So You Think You Can Dance - was actually pretty good last night.
Finally got new liquid eyeliner
our worst football player falls on the concrete and gets a new revo speed. -.-
Well that's interesting...I really need to surround myself with something better..
I went to the new one that opened up in Dupont, it was pretty good.
I need these now. Are they at any bricks & mortar stores in Wash DC???
please promise us u wont take away from us  :(
you should go into the jungle, that would definitely be one of the best series ever !!!!!! :D
But will Horkel ever replace Merkozy?
The 2nd best smell in the air in Portland is the smell of Doughnuts, 1st is Popeyes.
Somebody tweet me back? So board.
-_- I retweeted that I shouldve replyed. O.o should've uppercut her mom. (X
she must be the baby of the family!
charge #HEAT ball!!!!
I can swim in it all day :)
now the creepers will come
I am vending my art on 3/24/12 at the first of 2012
Shampoo additive (or salad dressing) for eggs; thai food for coconut leftovers!
LOL! My friend nate was next to me in history and he was watching one of your gameplays haha
Good moanin tweets!!!
Who's Birthday is this week?
I'm jealous!
Rashawn grew up in Kansas City.
Thank you ... I love your lunchtime #wax skills! :)
RT : Understand travel hotspots, plan in advance and make your journeys easier during the #london2012 Games....
If Paul pierce wants an ejection on that foul he's an even bigger bitch than I thought
Bird's Nest - Herzog & De Meuron in China.
Happy 1st day to ! Good luck at interview to ! Have a good week with your events !
i cnt wait til step practice after spring break! i miss it so much!
Life is just a bitch but you know you gotta love her
When you're ready, just say you're ready. When all the baggage just ain't as heavy . .
S/O to my new follower looking super cool
Tweet me who you think should win #americasnexttopmodel!
Every new idea is an old idea. - Just ordered Imagine by Jonah Lehrer. It'll be the first book I read after the thesis. Can't wait. :3
Thanks, I'll check it out!
im in da 219 this week..
she doesnt even care that she's seeing me ;P
Getting ready to make 20 lbs of real home made apple smoked pepper bacon. Get in line now it goes incredibly fast!
lol ibsodnt edit nothin? Meredith was hittin stop and record.. Thats why its all over the place
Beat goes on for Le Roy, Albion school music programs - The Daily News Online
RT "#CaseyAnthony case is so creepy 2 watch alone on a Friday night. or to watch ever #messedup" shes gotta b guilty,
: well, he overturned police cars, the hooligan.
YOU'RE CRAZY.
MHS food is disgusting.
"Leyland said he didn't change his underwear for 12 days. No wonder people were standing so far away from Jim the last few days."
because i'm afraid of going to jail and being someone's prison b*tch. :p
Who is going to #FF me? I need more followers dammit!!!!
he's everything I ever wanted.
did you get tickets?! :))
JOIN US & DISCOVER THAT IT REALLY IS SIMPLE TO JUST REDIRECT...
This coffee got me going on 10+.. I gotta be up for a couple of more hours...
Spent the last hour convincing my dad to wait til tomorrow to hitchhike to chicago to buy a car.
These #Nuggets fans need to simmer down ur team us losing my friends
so u thought that pie u just bought at a farmers mkt was inspected by the state? Neither did I, leave them alone.
Weekend, I hardly knew ye.
Whenever I cum, God thanks me.
'It is the sign of the times with more kids skateboarding than playing little league baseball today.' -Tony Hawk
Watching the #NASCAR Bojangles southern 500 race. live from darlington raceway.
I'll join up gladly-Thanks Chip.
Why am I staring at delicious rotisserie chicken? I blame You win Swiss Chalet!!!
Thanks for RTs!
Finally seeing some much needed rain.
World-Peace is the dirtiest player in the NBA
Probably what they had in mind when they became the main sponsor! Welcomed brain washing! Kudos #runDisney & #Cigna! Kudos.
Blocked 6 people on twitter today. New record. Oh well. Damage is done. I'm done with them.
Who's got plans that they can't accept an #Oscar ?
Great... I can't wait to put it up on the site!
still debating I should ahaha
A2: I think the relationships should be cultivated throughout the year, not just at peak seasons.
"Look, I don't know! I mean, when I was with Earl, I was thinkin' of you....yes!"
Have you seen King Tut @ The Children's Museum of Indy?
dunk contest hasn't been good since vince carter was beasting it.
are you inside, or in your car?
It's better to light a candle than to curse the darkness
There are some of you who have listened to some great music from Poised Creation! Thank You
Thank you for the follow! We'd be honored to have you come to our party next Monday night at Traffic Bar (midtown East) ♡
: I wish I can say #WhyILoveCanada, but never been..
When guys change their profile pictures EVERY week.... Smh
Back from Carmen Kudos to and the chorus. The leads sounded great...
ACTUAL ALERT: An earthquake happened tonight 524 mi away in NorCal. Also in Fiji.
Union people are welfare fucks. So glad everybody understands how welfare works.
naw who set it up
Ugh is all I can say. How are you feeling?
i love you please follow me
Who wants FREE TICKETS to the UW Badger's Women's basketball game on Sunday at 2 PM? Let me know. Feel free to RT.
Ty Lawson is a freakin' beast. Real talk
Warner Music Chooooooots!
Coolest things being auctioned JUNE 14 Tuesday Weslo Cadence 450 Foldable Treadmill 94 Emmit Smith Action Figure, Box of Sports Cards
Ron Paul is speaking now on CNN
I am really surprised that my local uni's library won't let me have access to journals even though I'm faculty at another college. (1/2)
Damn mall look like zombie land
no quiet meal with cousin.
So I think the P(S1 > S2) where S1 has the larger median is simply the proportion of the overlap to the full range of S2
well i wouldnt call yours saggy per se, but then again they havent been on me so i cant say that with certainty
Want a #swinger discount vacation 4 nights $399 Caliente Resorts
Ha! Seattle is good - although I miss my Southern culture sometimes :) Summer is coming here too - not raining. Woot!
The hardest part of coming back home after a vacation is _______________________. (I have way too many things I could say.)
hahahaha that's what I'm talkin'bow. still funny.
join us by following our Tweets in starting a Revolution. Our govt doesnt work 4 the people politicalperceptions.weebly.com/
Digital gains lift Sun-Times past Tribune in weekday circulation - Chicago Tribune
#1DAY ! RT if you know what its for(;
What can unions do for sex workers?
cause if you walk away, I know I'll fade cause there is nobody else
I guess 72bpm is the tempo to go with....
u have rele big feet!!! lolz
"I wanted you to know, whenever you are around, i cant speak(i cant speak)"
RT : #IndianaIce returns the favor as Baillargeon lights the lamp with 6:22 remaining in the second!!
Well Don't Add Me Into The Shit.
The reason that child lost his life runs deeper than hate. Ignorance, power & disregard all played a part.
all i got to say us dance fuckin party!
thx so much! the wine train is a booze cruise on land. you should try it :) xo!
love you too...
Lakers fans happy , but they lost by 29 and La cant beat Mia .
What should we call our new All-You-Can-Eat Sushi Specials on Mondays? It's gotta have that #ATX flair... :)
sqaure play is the Red Sox...I just hate the Tigers
Same Here Love.. Never give up!!
New Video: Friend decided to try waxing his chest to prove women overreact about the pain..... dont think he'll be doing it again anytime s
I am down
Watching ATL get their ass handed to them
hope your Internet backbone is too!!
Copyright issues for the arts community, lesson: consult a lawyer
You are sexy AF!! What you doing?? Don't be a stranger baby!
Sherman D7 said infrastructure must be n place B4 construction. Promise?
Rhyme schemes like tilapia, double-grape Dimatapp-ya
Great, I like listing alternatives! Good luck with the new venture.
I feel happy.
are you in heaven or hell im still unsure
I call it "douche speak".
Oracle Linux: The Past, Present and Future Revealed - The VAR Guy
#NowPlaying D-Mac - Maintain
Looks like is headed to Oakland. Congrats to him. Enjoyed seeing him grow over the last five years
is excited to release some new music in the next few weeks -- stay tuned!
u all as a fan base should stand up and demand better than what you all are getting for bball
Along with cotton, tobacco/coca/alcohol are linked to the institution of slavery & the violent expansionism of US imperialism.
everything has just been going wrong man wish life had a rewind button at times
Yeah that was me!
How does it Work real time ..Well U R the Boss What you say goes But, endless unseen enemies undermine U passive aggressive Ppl gnaw at U
Plenty of craft beers in bottles and on draft, head on down to drink well with us! Drink Well, Drink The Lackman, Drink OTR!
Free coffee and tea, plus 20% off all art and jewelry Black Friday 12-5pm at NewVox Art Gallery.
Rep Cohen talking about resurrection of BTW's neighborhood & our partnerships! He is flying back on airforce one with Pres Obama!
#OChi #NATO #m17 #CANG8 #IL Inga Holder from Germany speaks out against ongoing U.S. Military presence and U.S. European missiles.
wished you lived closer/:
Best case scenario, Luck &RGIII have 15 years of productivity ahead of them, best case the #Browns get 15 years COMBINED from Trent/Weeden.
again with the epic win to the #Maddow graphics department. I love when I look at the screen and bust out laughing
Thank you for the follow! I always look forward to reading your reporting.
RT I would rather spend money on video games, shows and merch than any drug or alcohol!
Of course they did! #chulavista polz will never close the loophole that means they can come back and eat from the trough again!
Waiting for chipotle to open<<<<<<
well the heat ha two of the top 3 players in the NBA they have to get cheap calls. That's how Dwade won a ship
Create your message. Keep the message simple and brief.
Already?!? Looking forward to it! RT : BLOG: Concerts in the Park starts NEXT FRIDAY!
Yep. Its a Starbucks day.
don't hit yourself lol
Just now leaving Cape Coral field, wont be home till a while. So text me.
Today is Hospitality Monday!! Also 50cent wings all day and night long..
I don't know the context of that tweet but I was there! One of my fav games
good morning from one fellow 903-er to another! Have a great day!
Just wanted to say thank you! Been following uk bball for over 30 yrs & u are one of my favorites. Good luck to u!
Have a good one! This kind of occasion is why we're building a prayer app for your phone! Please see www.birdofprayer.org
More #FACup action today! #Tottenham v. #Chelsea live at 11am - who ya got for the win?
Haven't been on here socializing much. But what's up world? How's everyone doing?
LAKE SHOW!!!!! Meeeooowwwww! Just a few more minutes!
I would if I didnt have to be up at 5:30
I live a healthy lifestyle and feel great
If you're eating a football shaped cakepop today in the DMV its probably from us!
Having a hard time getting my leg out of this blood pressure machine at Wal-Mart.
To love what you do and feel that it mattershow could anything be more fun?-- Katherine Graham
#HillerHelps - In #CollaborativeLaw people may not regret divorce but see no need for revenge.
no one will help me reach 1,000 so ya :(
whenever I can get the room!
lets go #Yanks!
what a mess
Hello. I'm the editor for High Glitz Lounge blog. I would like to feature you and your company.
Just wrapped up my headshot session with and her flaming red hair.
Did anyone notice Atlanta was misspelled on the scorer's table?
lmao u all lazy n stuff mark it down on ya calender goof
SEO Positive Declare Top Digital Marketing Event a Major Success
get well soon! You helped me win both my fantasy leagues last season. Plus the Red Sox probably need you too.
RT : Related: we will be talking about social media ice breakers such as in tonight's #shehechat at 8pm CST. Join us!
Responsibly going to bed now. Counting pitches to put me to sleep.
Work with me, body. Work WITH me.
lucky I wanna meet Elise soo bad
Who does any type of #Art in #Pittsburgh? #Follow me
Who missed me????
Dos Palabras: Juan Direction
gota wash those undies some day!
Ok , but I disagree 100%. I guess we are the Boise State of Miss High School football. Playing your schedule is worthless.
But I am also insane. :)
idk, you staying after school.
Locals only
The new blackberry has a 3 megapixel camera and a 2.44" 320x220 screen. I think Zack Morris had a better phone.
Tsunami warning Indonesia
Mexico draw South Korea, Gabon & Switzerland in Group B.
rachael she doesn't like you leave her alone
Where can I get cd @
I got shit to do today.
And swim good
well, it was a good season. except for that whole dRose and noah hurt, lose in the first round thing
A story from Lake Wobegon this week exactly mirrored my life. Hooray for me, I'm officially middle aged! And Norwegian!
I guess it's bad design/ui time on the webz. Still seething about google's evil and then twitter sends out a effed up mobile version.
Let's go Get another win!
don't know why i'm about to do this. freaking out. i need another trip to NYC to make this bearable. #panicing knows why
John Gerzema: "badge of awesomeness" spendshift trend is being nimble, adaptable and thrifty
IF MLB.TV WAS WORKING I COULD HAVE SEEN THIS BAD PLAY! So steamed, you guys.
welcome to Twitter.
#ImThatPersonWho is dying without their camera
Shout out to "I am going into the Air Force and can't wait to start serving my country." Right attitude; welcome a gr8 American
I am will you be there?
I made it to 35 months with mine, and it was a mutual decision to wean. Very proud I made it that long.
watching the guy i love, love someone else</3
ya why?
RT : following back (:-- well appreciated
I believe this is the last post I will do regarding the movie Drive...It was one bad a$$ mutha &^%$%^^%&* movie and you can quote me!
Sweetie, you're 13. You should be doing homework, not guys.
I watched the really crappy IMMORTALS for my #saturdaycinema. It's sad when a movie can't be saved by half-naked men.
Thank you. Sure, send already a request :)
Ima plant as many seeds as i can and see how many flowers grow ...........
Thanks for following back. Look forward to getting to know you! Matthew
had a little trouble posting to twitter on the bb5 version
Maz's HR was not only a game walk off, but a season walk off.
is so disappointing. Put in an online order, they promise free shipping, but didn't apply to my order. Thanks for nothing.
+ engaging author talk with Daniel H. Wilson, Robopocalypse author, great storyteller. Minus - only 14 people in room, despite promo. :-/
It's not even eight and I'm already having a bad day.
Anything you can wear, I can wear better. In what you wear, I'd look better than you.
Just made my day & lets me know that there are still good ppl in the world! Thanks Dev!
Thanks to the & everyone who came out to watch the premier with us. If you missed it, it airs 12/25 at 6pm on the travel...
Not yet. We need to convince him.
and a million to the lgbtq resource center! #hoyasaxa!
Great to see riding the Monon Trail this morning.
U SHOULDNT BE SITTING ON SONG PUT EM OUT THERE LET THE STREET DECIDE
Simple niggas. Simple hoes. I have no time#allicsnsayeasy!
Where one thing falls, another grows. Maybe not what was there before, but something new and wonderful all the same. –Bambi’s Mother
Dorritoes over hoes any day bro.
If only i had a bald eagle in front of me...
I was glad to be a part of it! Great to talk about #mobile and catch up.
Yes, I'm still very much into you.
That's great!!
Sure. Happy to help.
Finally, we got the winner for the Padres game ticket! We hope you are having fun on that day :)
wonderful evening at the julep thanks for a true southern hospitality
SUBJECT LINE I NEVER THOUGHT I WOULD WANT TO READ: "Jim -- Jack Abramoff needs you" via
I LOVE SHE IS MY LIFE IM ACTUALLY IN LOVE WITH HER SHE IS AMAZING MY ICON!!!!!
The struggle is real.
Hey guys thanks for burying the Pens oh wait its a 4 game series and no matter what I will still watch/support them 1000%.
Hell, that's what we all say! And then look what happens to us...
Catch up on #MayDay events in #Seattle with 's live tweets!
#LifeVine Works founders will be attending the 17th Annual Kwanzaa fest at Malcolm X College on Jan 1st in Chicago and so should you!
you <3 saving money i <s spending it #sugarmama RT : just cleanin the house + liatenin to planet $
730 on a Friday night. 30 mins out of the office, 2 cocktails, 1 shot of patron. Bout to get weird.
You can't change the past, but you can ruin the present by worrying over the future.
I CAN when they CAN'T ....I WILL when they WONT and I DO what they DONT..... #
Sitting in my room listening to "Killer" multiple times. You did good !
“: Respect.” thanks homie. Hope I are well!
I got a feeling, somebody's watching me.....
Wait, that tweet had a typo. It's suppose to be Volume 14.19
Stations 8 & 9 on my radio are what I call my "Mississippi channels." Country and rap. Lolol
CMON ... FINISH THIS ONE OUT !
You think them niggas you with is with you?
For sure, lest we mention the cheesecake factory. If only I could resist the compulsion to finish all the food on the plate!
Yes it was a hell of a series & hey, losing 3 of the 4 games in OT means it was close
A BIG Happy Thanksgiving to all of you and a happy packers WIN day.
Wow! That's close - hooray for
Time for next project - updating to the latest creative suite.
Tonight was the best.
I guess you still don't get so lets take it from the top, you asked me what my sign is and I told you it was stop.
Anyone know where I can pick up an intravenous time released coffee monitor? Then I be good
what is Peter Chernin up to?
Feeling awesome 👑 >>>>> Not feeling awesome 🚽
Like ah dollar bill
Go follow ??i will list you 20x if u do!
why you hate ariana and victoria?
I'm going to do it! I need a change in my life, so I'm going to do it! I'll let y'all know what "it" is before my b day June 10th. :)
Been in prayer most of the day and feel amazing and at peace! Will you join me for National Day of Prayer?
you forgot about lol
#OWS, global social uprisings, economy in meltdown, climate stress...times are a changin' - will they give rise to the Age of Consciousness?
kababs yes and quite popular :) Let me know when you're ready to go big in Finland :)
You should be HAPPY. :c
Wtf jay said the same shit I did hahahaa young boy learnin..
yoooooooo that made me cringe OD
GROWL pay walls GRR no access even through UIUC libraries BOO the 3/5 publishers of 30 yr old articles on Rancho La Brea
Ugh, fine. I'll watch the Hunger games on opening day in a Turrell designed private home screening room. If I have to...
Tomorrow is the last day to vote for your favorite Top 9 Moments!! Go to www.top9moments.com to cast your vote today!
Inception was absolutely spectacular other then the part where I had to sleep last night...... Dreaming is gonna be rough for a little while
lolol nothing's wrong at all. I could have slept for an hour hahahah it's okay tho I'm bout to eat kabobs for lunch!
No client calls during the middle of my hot and sour soup tonight, plz? Kthx!
Thanks for following me and u dnt have to worry about me blowing your dm up lmao
the question is why not
yep you rite I quit have a great life
Listen to on this Saturday @ 10am and Sunday @ 8pm. This week's special guest is
is playing the worlds hardest game.
Go to be, sleepyhead. This Tweet is something you just read. #EllenRTme day 175
% of Xmas purchases online versus in store this year for us? Around 80/20. Feels like opposite from last yr. Convenience and time savings.
can school just end so i can sit home & rot away -.-
#np Climax - Usher
have fun down there!!
That's because your crazy. lOl!
Damn. the brother needs to fucking calm down with this shit.
Follow Me??(:
I broke same wrist twice, knew it when it happened RT : Jayson Werth broken wrist. Bryce Harper will never see the minors again.
#HireJimLambright to replace Nick Holt, the sole reason why this season the 7-6 Huskies ended up stagnant.
The installation crews are loving the weather out there today!
“: Goal: See one of the Sonic servers fall on their butt and all the food fall with them.” YES.
The true measure of a man is how he treats someone who can do him absolutely no good. ~ Ann Landers
It's Monday Night! is dancing first tonight! Start voting now
Pick the Go-Go!!
#losemynumber is you only text me to talk about you
IT'S MY BIRTHDAY TODAY AUSTIN!!!!😃
And is breathing a sigh of relief. Related note: where the hell is he?
I certainly hope you're right.
Thanks Charles! I'll shoot you an email early next week about our project. We've fallen behind on a grant we're writing.
make sure 2 have another pair of shoes available the 1st few wears! Breaking in boat shoes can be painful if u aren't careful!
So I was all: How you doin, moon? And it was like: Super!
I'm not an England supporter. By all accounts it was woeful - I wouldn't know, I went to the Shunt instead.
I gave you my twitter at the radio staion and you still haven't followed me!. )':
that is too sweet...now where is my baby..?
Her blind dog sucks balls! He pees on everyone!!!
You know how motorcycle folks wave each other when they pass by. I'm doing that with my xterra family in hopes that it will catch on
Thought on Ghost Rider boycott?
Some people will NEVER look past skin color to see anything else. To these people, the "greater good" doesn't compute.
Meeting adjourned - questions can be submitted to this hashtag any time.
Thank you too! RT : Thanks to , / & Professor Dan Isenberg for a great talk tonight.
RT RT!!!": I need someone who understands my PAST, compliments my PRESENT, & supports my FUTURE!"
Showdown Practice - Noon ET Friday SPEED All-Star Practice - 1:30 p.m. ET Friday SPEED Showdown quals - 5 p.m. ET Saturday SPEED
lol you finally post.
of course vinny loved the big teddy bear.
Learning about obesity among Chula Vista elementary school kids. Abt 25% of the district's 6th graders fall into the category.
lmao i 4got all about that till she said somethin
Stay Tuned....The all new DM Williams Int Website Launching October 4th www.dmwilliams.org
Nothing is always absolutely so. ~ (Theodore) Sturgeon's Law
So did I.
heyy lovely:) how was the fair?:D x
Thanks for re-following. Have a good night.
Yeah! That would be great!
Quick Fact: The United States ranks 49th in global life expectancy but 1st in health care costs.
why cant i retweet this!??
Dinner on Mother's Day where the total age of all persons combined at out table was probably 583 years. (8 people) Wunnerful.
Can't wait, I felt so spoiled at the preview dinner. See you tomorrow.
this is the last time i go two months without working out, one day of Cheerleading and i'm super sore ...
Can't talk to you right now...
Was just thinking that RT I can't remember another election-night speech where Romney pitched for donations
putting the final touches on my costume!
Contemporary Staffing is looking for a Customer Service Trainer and Supervisor. $30,000 - $32,000 annually.
My dad doesn't think that's true. She was his mom. I should ask my grandpa. He's still alive.
Good girl! Family first!
I'd love to attend #Buzzwords Berlin but the schedule might not work out. /cc
#dragrace PICK SHARON NEEDLES
awww..missed you too! Hope you're doing good!
Tomorrow night is gonna be so much fun! Then the river and swing dancing Sunday. Hope it all works out!
Stealing this fun question from a fellow coach (thank you, Lachlan Cotter). THINGS YOU MISS ABOUT BEING A KID? Go.
Does everyone have their marketing plans ready for AAO? :)
#manifestAR style #augmentedreality intervention reappropriated by as educational activity ... Sweet!
glad your ok... Enjoy the morphine while it lasts
a puss? That sucks! Haha
Lemon Lime Gatorade will be served on our courses for the 2010 races!
Blue jeans, white shirt. When I walked into the room, you know you made my eyes hurt. 💙
working outside downtown and enjoying the weather!
#old97s rocked tonight! Great show @ turner hall!
My respect for you is now huge. YOU ARE A WINNER xoxo
My little sister got to get six! Smh!!!!!!!!!!! She YELLING!
Very interesting: class is rarely discussed when it comes to the digital society.
Take time every day to be still, to empty your mind, and to just be. Put away your thoughts.
off to school! because all kids need to stay in school and not do drugs LMAO
Muñoz calls out work of libraries in TEI and HathiTrust as well as IRs
S/O 2 my best follower <--- follow her n she will follow back Join #Team2Sexy!!!
I wanna know if Kristen is playing with baby Jackson on that plane ride.
u realize this happened in grafton with a AAYFL coach 10 years ago...
Musical...ALMOST OVER!
What if Torres scores against liverpool ?
Now that you have started to pay attention to hockey, how will you help 'promote' it in Portland?
I task you to take to the street and ask 5 people to name 5 wnba players or 5 softball players
Denver friends, anyone looking for a GREAT condo? Ours is on the market. We loved living there - we just needed space for studio & workshop.
I've found it's on His time. Help someone today, He will help you. Don't lose faith. Meditate on Mark 11:22-26 & Matthew 13:58
The Gourmet Experience comes to San Diego October 9-10, 2010!
Writing thankyou notes would be so much easier if people had legible handwriting
I'm ready for lunch.
Don't forget to attend 's elections forum! informatively this year. 4pm, Gowen 301
I knew I had fun last night but I didn't know I had this much fun: My facebook status reads, "Today at 3:11am near Lititz, PA."
Please retweet the chicken dance rules so we can share it with our Raving Fans on the West Coast!
hahahha that was the funniest thing i had ever seen
I would have to agree - and I'd think that the people who watch it regularly have to be too!
Humans meet at Carpenter Wells clock tower and Zombies meet at sand volleyball pit at Murray!
did you come by
I got the free book...read the first bit of it...and went on and bought the other two ebooks...looking forward to finishing
Love is the magician that pulls man out of his own hat
let me get your old xbox brah
Oomf is a ticking time bomb.
"You can't defend a city with no army," Carmen Trutanich says of city attorney's budget.
Driving around Marion with the little sis. Blasting in the heights!!
mission statement shld be something abt preempting / foreclosing every transgressive opportunity for the kids for 126 years
oh the horror...the HORROR! I'll be stuck looking like a 12 year old...forevah!
It's Home Movie Day! At the Cultural Center with until 5PM. Just watched something titled Fightin' Femmes of France.
Day 2 of the transformation.... Great start just have to keep up the MOJO
love, love, love CJ's. It's gorgeous!
Headed to for this morning's shoot! Tune in at 7:30!
was reading a history of art forum. piles of interviews, can't remember which writer mentioned it.
Happy new years eve ! Hope everyone has a fun but SAFE night. (:
Thanks for the follow! We love Pin Heads!
recently stared at that on a crankily long ride up the J train, wondering why Google thinks its users heads are so small.
i voted for over 50 times but i sont thinks i will get a followback....ohh well guess ill keep voting:) please follow back:)
yea. Plus they run at Sports Academy in the mornings.
Going to bed. Good night!
How about an intensNATTY class for yours??
nail polish colors?
YOUR WELCOME
Sometimes itt seems like he juss dnt care, so why should I ?
Apparently i decided to get lunch @ capriotti's along w/ the entire clark county fire dept. Or @ least two trucks worth.
I got it bad:/
He stealing Dwight Howard sh1t!
Phone dead..
Hmu new to Twitter
I'm getting the be iconic street wear sweatpants <3 All I need is vlados! Ugh they needa add smaller sizes like a 3 or 4 -__-
Do you guys have any daily specials you'd like to list with us for our next issue?!
For those following me for an interest in library pursuits, please consider following UWTLibrary!
jose! Do you remember me from vienna? I baked y'all brownies and it was so crazy you and I never got a solo picture together
However, those were not the final release. They re-released dubbed stackpaks like a year later.
when did you do my hair last? I feel like it's not dark enough and it's kinda bumming me out.
#CaryHoffman is "Mesmerizing..."
so whats for lunch then? lmao
You're on my mind and the crazy thing is that you're not even mine >.< <33
what up with ya boys ish? i need some hype in my life and some jj's
next time you go on a vay kay, take me with you please ! Lol
": #BadaBing" remember who taught you what that was
Rex will be affordable . 1 million for one year
school so expensive that plenty innovative people r kept away from fields they may b game changers in cuz they can't get the degree
Alright. I have a new artist. With the name of . This girl right her CAN sing! Meet me tomorrow morning.
<3 RT : As long as you are passionate about your vision, you should keep moving forward
Last night, when I called my cat's name and he didn't come, I realized I was talking to a black backpack.
Problem: hodgepodge key systems. Creating a presentation on value of standardization, & impact on key control. How many keys do u carry?
And by "best mistake," I mean my own mistake. Don't know where I'd be if I hadn't fallen into CART at UIW!
Why is reheated coffee never as good as fresh? Chemists? Any answers for me?
I wanna be your easiest hello & your hardest goodbye..
gym watching Marcus Liberty, Terry Cummings, and Latreal Sprewell put Chicago players through a tryout for the KBA prodigy game.
RT : A Texas billionaire has donated $18+ mil to conservative super PACs to oust Obama, aims to double that by Nov....
Is factoring a type of loan? No. Commonly called " factoring loans", it is a financial practice with a B2B transaction, No Bank involement
who the fuck is stomping in the apartment upstairs!!
I'm sitting in this wardrobe thinking to myself: where in the hell is fucking Narnia at
I don't want this to come off wrong but it seems like there is a double standard here. I dont get it.
Fantastic news! Can't wait to find out what you've all come up with! RT Video comin
AH... My living room is 1,000,000 times better, I love being inspired to move my furniture around! I start work tomorrow... I am stoked!
Enjoying the awesome weather. Sitting outside in the patio on my new outdoor furniture!
Attending conference on Diversity, Race and Learning at The Ohio State University
Thanks for the retweet!
got food served in under 3 hours at a McMenamins last night....new world record
ya man, I think we r gonna be going out in Mil tonight. Anything goin on???
I'm starting to think this is destiny for Japan. SIGH.
HATE watchin the Nuggs game with T-wolves announcers! Where was Love foul on Koufus? 'Clean play right there waita go K-Love' Yeah RIGHT!
your last tweet made me laugh(: haha
XOxO <3 hope I see you soon
#DwightHoward is a moron if he passes up this opportunity to join the Him and #DerrickRose would win several rings...
:) thanks. I teach 9,10,11 grade world I, world ii, and us history respectively.
RT If you wish you were in Miami.. At Austin's PhotoShoot (; -Ally
yea, I'm ashamed to say I've had an awkward college moment or two
I'm such a idiot but when I get myself together things will be right I guess I got to be rude and don't keep shit to myself
There's more than #wine at Lifestyle companies will be there too! , , , !
goodnight, Dylan (:
They are going HAM in the Staple Center Tonight! Is it a FULL MOON or something!!!
Hello????? I always thought that was self-explanatory.
Sometimes obstacles are God's way of making us prove to Him that we are ready for the things that we pray for!
Now I feel I have an unspoken deal with the paparazzi "I won't do anything publicly interesting if you agree not to follow me." - Matt Damon
I like to walk around wearing a life jacket...just in case.
Watching march of the penguins in English...I love me my penguins!
Liked the Patient First in CH, but didn't like what I heard. Ugh!
"I can't imagine a man really enjoying a book and reading it only once." C.S. Lewis
Last nights show at the money was awesome thanks to all our fans for your support
So Michael's is on fire...
Thanks for cluing me in.
really? I swear Texans have MAJOR style..glamorai, sea of shoes...
Going to New York for a long weekend in May. Any hotel suggestions?
TRAFFIC: WB I90 @ Lake Delton - Road is open, but semi remains in the median from a rollover around 5:30am - Delays
If you facebook middle name is something like BeAutIfuL_Guuurl I'm unfriending you.
Thank you!! RT“: I love your guys show :) Your AMAZING!”
Delivering the Revolution to Pub on Passyunk East and on Friday. Know another place you'd like to see us? Let us know.
Can I marry you or
Now Watching Cameron Diaz & J.Lo are absolutely stunning!! Love watching them together.
New video shoot coming soon. Details to come ...
Final NAMM details, submit several ads, hair appt, new driver's license, new bank card, laundry, pack, kids, replace headlight, fix phone!!
ha k then..
all the demons he had been bedding with and now running away from.
just tweeted about sea otters, so take that, all my tweets aren't just about food
yes,yes they are!
Austin, you're beautiful <3
Space is overrated.
Lmfao how'd u know???
you should make the bucket hat your MF Doom Mask... in other words, your trademark lol
sounds like "GCD" guilty conscience syndrome.
thx for the shout out for ThingLink and thx for dropping by.
There is a guy that looks just like Walter White at whole foods right now!
how did you guys score a meet n greet and lunch with the one and only ?
Ok, so in everywhere but MA, Patriot's Day is not even a thing. I shouldn't care. Still wish I had the day off like Diana.
. Just ordered Dreams of the Ringed Vale.
State b-ball tommorow
Full nite of guitar playing ahead of me..
Did he bring any nurses home with him, LOL?
My Internet Talk show every Tuesday 10-11amPCT. Tuesday's topic Sept.27th "SEX: Weapon of Mass Destruction" www.Drrosie.com, live button.
well hope one day we bump into each other so i can say hi instead of just starrin lol
I'm going!! Two weeks ago they did a promotion and tickets were only $4.13
No Chicago baseball today--both Cubs and Sox off. :(
Morning! Wishing all a blessed week filled with progression in all aspects!
nah jus dey big as hell..
What if someone stole wallet
Every Saturday morning 8:00-10:00am "Friends of German Music" live from our studios in beautiful West Sacramento. Join us
🎵🎶Big L-Platinum plus
And I suggest wearing your protective bike helmet when you walk into your house! RT : I hate REM.
Snow is sticking at my house! Which means snow at the school! Crossing fingers for at least late start!
not at all
Sitting in the office, listening to some Delta Spirit, finishing up inventory. Oh I love inventory!
You didn't miss much.
Tropical Addiction Thursdays Lounge happens tonight; just one day closer to the weekend!!!
Saw a plane crashed in the town my ex lives in. First thought was "Damn...hope it hit her." Am I going to hell? (My vote: no.)
yay! Book club! ;)
When will we be able to purchase a "dreaming of you" pillowcase with jason segels face on it?
"if something's broke, fix it. dont throw it away" best advice ever.
Love it! Thats the best episode!
Watching The Hangover never gets old.
just tel him. They really are miserable
AWESOME - HAVE A GREAT EVENT!!!
This weather just makes me wanna drive until I fall into a beach.
#NWARK #sharktank fans, we have to tune in to Tulsa station for all the fun tonight!!
thanks for the info!
WHAT HAPPENED?! How did he hold your phone! Spill girl #SPILL (;
OMG hell my Love i'm so happy you're back!!! I am fine thx.. And you ??
we're testing out times because of availability of top pros. later time creates more opps. we'll have taped show up faster too
Is there an 'amazing person' convention in town? Because our customers so far tonight have been OUTSTANDING.
How are you just waking up? Bitch I've been at school fr the past 1hr
always feels nice to get a hit on a publication at a high ranking first rate journal after it has been turned down by a third rate journal
Truth is I miss him..alot
I am exhausted. When do we get to sleep?
Northern CA Tour being booked for May!
u should b smokin right now wake & bake that's whut I'm doin
I feel so horrible that you have physiology left. I've had enough of the body systems for one day. Your life sucks :(
Shonda Rhymes is a genius and Sara Ramirez has vocal chords of steel.
OH HAI ROB
relative major: an uncle in the Marine Corps. relative minor: a girlfriend.
don't do anything but fuckin lie!
go to sleep lol
How do you stay calm in an IEP meeting?.
Thought you might really be interested in His ideas are right in line with yours! Heard him at the Cisco gig.
Giving $20BB was enough ... the Chairman should have SHUT HIS MOUTH!
U of H lost one tonight to Central Florida 74-63. Hope they werent overlooking this team for Memphis on Sat. Cougas 1-2 in conference.
Nobody even knows where Ottawa is
next Saturday :)
BigH Mantra: Today I celebrate the source of my abundance & give thanks for its continued manifestation. Have a Powerful day!
ugh -- helicopters to the north. for #occupythefarm?
Happy Birthday to one of the last real brothers alive and a national treasure - follow this man now if you don't already!!
My Flaws... I have to do better😁
you're such a nice sweet young men trying to help me :).
China Director Jo is Chungqing bound; Martin IT design is in Trongheim, Ken & Helena to NYC for design research; Krystal! Mind the store!
Happy Birthday Gaga :)
Beautiful summer solstice! Going to try to soak in all the summer's potential.
haha, just watching Austin videos. (: YOu?
I got a bike yesterday! I'm so excited to ride after my sunburn goes away. All in all a cool Earth Day, but I wish she protected me better!
gotta go back to wack ass school tommorrow
well, THAT'S the ultimate goal ;)
Just joined Pintrest and kind of don't get it or care to use it. Bahh.
hehe, so tempting though!!! =D
I love you too! 😘
Heading home from LA. A great day of doing #hair for a music video for
The greatest thing you can ever ask God to give you is Wisdom.
Common sense is like deodorant. . . . The people who need it most never use it!
Party time. All the time.
You are making a difference!
I seen u on dat YouTube video memphis cypher y'all did Yal thang on thur
Be on the lookout for S.O.L. Highly Anticipated Mixtape by the Beat Murderers (Daze & Big Whoa) ████████████████] 99%
Me too. I'd rather play my least favorite game with four great people than play my favorite game with four arrogant clowns.
sucks to suck
still must make certain kitchen doesn't roll out the crust w/flour... sometimes still a problem
That my shit low key
RT As US communities struggle with #childabuse, why does House #budget cut #childwelfare funding?
Blue and orange m
How much longer must I suffer
#someday you will realize how much i love you&how you #inspire me and follow me/tweet me!iloveyou 24
RAISE IT! In spite of the manager again.
Watching chat with Maggie Stiefvater on FB - interesting! 's page
why? did try pulling that its not #rape if there isnt a #weapon on you?
Pop is a hard drug.
happy birthday! ur legal go do wtvr u want ;) jkjkjk luv u!
Amazing! Singing Rox in the Box too I hope.
Sorry I missed most of the party, my son's soccer game went long!
welcome :p
Three fucking games?!
sorry if anyone finds that offensive. 😁
"Find yourself first, don't be no fool"- Jimi Hendrix in Message to Love
No sight of any type of life here, let alone aaron.
I am seriously troubled by the proposed rapid consolidation in the telecommunications marketplace. ~ Conrad Bums
I lost my W-2 from work and I'm trying to do my taxes.. What's your deal?
Damn. Just realized a book I picked up @ the library sale is part of a series. Guess I should stop now that I'm only on page 3, huh?
I'm getting bored with Deandre on American Idol
We LOVED your Oreo cheescake the other day!
For the first time, #France had the most daily downloads of our #apps!
so the drained one in dawns purse is not from fayes family???
are u in?
I say, if your knees aren't green by the end of the day, you ought to seriously re-examine your life. ~ Bill Watterson, Calvin & Hobbes
RT : Heck introduces 2nd order amendment (amend the amdmt) w hold harmless provision.
yep. Works perfectly. See you there. Can you drop me an email with your phone number?
exactly and I always let him sit in the front of the bus on team trips
Where did the lovely warm weather go? ?!?
My guy friends' girlfriend's always like hate me. Why.
lol you hell bruh , but I still gets the ladies !
It is radio like you that keep the dream alive for so many musicians! Thank you for doing what you do!
You know the US economy is in bad shape when Starbucks starts closing stores!
almost in AUSTIN!!!! SXSW get ready! Who's there already? let's hear ya!
mine would be Eli
that picture is awful take it off!! Lol
Ya Funny Lol Ol Wolf Lookin Ass
In an increasingly #competitiveworld, every #organization whether commercial, government or non-profit needs to stay ahead to survive
"All men by nature desire knowledge"--Aristotle
Something about a kitchen and a bathroom being right next to each other just isn't cool with me.
Hopeless romantics are only that way because their solicitations are not appreciated by the ones they thrust their love upon.
Plus, it's warm today. Do you want to sit in a theater full of dudes rocking leather pants? Haha!
May the 4th be with you too, Andy!
#TheLumberGuy Orphaned a day after his birth, The Lumber Guy was raised by a special “nurse mare”...
Campaigning through deep WKY...Murray, Wingo, Hickman, Mayfield, now on to Paducah. Big crowds, big momentum!
If you have pictures of you shirtless with a bow tie on we can't be friends
kudos to whoever made that jerry brown paper mache head. it's an incredible likeness.
#Santorum: #Romney and #Gingrich accept global warming. But I spoke up and said, this isn't climate science, this is political science.
Phew! Because all that flying in Quidditch is a dangerous bit! My son plays baseball and soccer (but not goalie).
Kayne Anderson MLP Investment Company Completes Private Placement of Senior Notes
ok lol I'm going sleep too xD
I had a great day overall. Had to drop some friends to gain some good in return.
Tell them, "god, I hate bigots!...oh, no offense."
hopefully soon! we currently cover the east coast.
Is it safe to do a scrub like this to the face?
yeah that's the only weird part about it so I'm prob not gonna do it lmfao
sand volleyball at 6? Talk about rushing out of the office today!
I don't think minds! lol
Hey, who you calling old? Seriously, thanks for not calling me an amateur. ;)
Have you checked out our market lately? Lots of good potential holiday presents.... and beer.... :)
Dude I would love to smoke with the dudes dwnstairs... But I don't know'em like that... (Stuck)
There is absolutely no excuse to still be playing at the Rave, or going there. Ever. No exceptions.
I woke up to find my roommate face down on the couch with no pants on, with a sticky note that said "was lost but now am found
How do you have lunch on the go in a garbage truck? Yuck
“Never accept to be second to someone, when you can be first to someone else."
WILL BE PERFORMING LIVE AT THE ROPER THEATRE...MAY 5, 2012!!!!! On the TCC Campus in NORFOLK, VA! Hope to see some fans there...New and Old!
I found a Polish grocer with fifty cent pierogis. Life=Complete. How's your pruno coming along?
Thank you, Elizabeth! I hope you're having an amazing day! :)
Not lardy-beautifully brutish :)
RT : Galison: "It's naive to think we're Leonardo di Vinci with our experiments...we don't do everything."
I am way too tired and excited to sleep. The obnoxious white noise in my head is overpowering the obnoxious white noise of downtown L.A.
": wow .. Smh! You use to hit my cousin cousin also & caitlyn!" Hahaha ok I lied only if they deserved it
I hate being sick
The feeling is mutual! RT You guys are AWESOME!
RT : With banks short on business loans, consider deferring your debt or restructuring. Biz Debt Relief! 800 403-1021 x401
what's wrong????
too much rain too fast. my yard is flooded.
I would enjoy televised sports so much more if you could mute the announcers...
I like icecream too :(
yes there will be video from
Tip of the day: you dont ever have to go to the doctors if you eat one apple a day.
Let's goo lol
#koldnature clothing line is absolutely terrible
The other day I said I couldn't imagine being more unproductive at work,,,I was wrong!!!
Just found albums from Dean Martin, Sinatra, and Elvis in a $3 bin. While Nickelback's latest album is selling for $17. Seriously Mankind?
Let's see how many volunteers I can get to go out & and read w/ children on a Fri morning...March 2.
R.I.P. Joe Frasier. An idol for all, and someone to be remembered.
Illinois Derby longshot
#dataSMT Oh! Good answer ;-)
what did you do.
I love you lol you are my idol :) please #follow me
icnt wait to see you fav : )
We tweeted it, is there any way you can grab it from twitter.
Tonight's the night!! 3rd annual dance fest w/ , & kicks off today. When're YOU going?
yo that shit happens to me too. Sprint is like a turtle in a rabbit race when it comes to their plans.
Let's see what tomorrow will brings?
that's always fun! (:
Well deserved standing O for @ #ounceluncheon - moving speech on the need for equity in education, ensure there are no "others"
now can i get a follow sir?
Know an awesome Interactive Creative person who needs a raise? Creative Group has several positions I'd like to interview you or your frien…
Thanks for the welcome! You have a nice week too!
So happy Quinn (Dianna Agron) is okay!! just had her on air..
Thanks for hosting #smreboot! Nice chance to put faces to names. Thanks for participating. Helpful ideas.
For our business, LinkedIn sends us way more traffic than any other social network.
Being lumped in that group is an honor and totally badass.
- Trying 2 get on my Tweetdeck, but all it says is Not Authorized. Can u help? I click on What Does This Mean, but no clear help.
Tigers beat Yankees. Tigers win series
well, i've more cute pics, but more than you expect, but i won't put,I'M TIRED -.-
More music you know better you can deprive ideals from. Listening to some sebe king and Freddie mercury at the moment on forex getting paid
I will open the vegas line at 6.5....any takers? : How many times will Kim Kardashian be married?
very awesome. Congrats.
Tonight was just fun. Also, I'm really impressed by the crew of Those set changes were big and went off without a hitch.
hit my phn bro
very well said
Yeah it just got put together as an example today. is the next stop for the personal domain ;)
via : OK taking a snapshot while on a wireless connection in SL really messes with the video.
Last smooth commute on the Alaskan Way Viaduct before #Viadoom. Glad to be going to Hawaii next week. Enjoy the traffic, folks.
So many good productivity tips here. Best one is brain dump for me. Feels so good to get it all out.
I can't say I understand or support all O's decisions. But I think our econ would be a lot stronger w/o R obstruction
#OneThingilove would be a nice walk in the rain with my boyfriend at night :)
I'll be jealous if you have it in Hattiesburg for the weekend. I might not have mine in time, but it'll be waiting for me
>>>MLM News! Do You Bake( New Company Listing )
exactly! “: Me too.. even though that makes me 6'6''. Gonna be too old one day. Might as well live in them now!”
Ravens approaching 300 rushing yards..already their third best output in franchise history.
I need a HARP refi with MI for a primary residence in CO. If you can help, then DM me. I want to deal with this TODAY!
Forever alone cause i have no friends.
I am so sorry (x1 million) I can't go to youth group cuz i have pink eye in both eyes! #Pain Take Pics of Justin plz?
Headed home to get to this game! Go !
please come back to nyc? i miss you so much! love you <3
oh.. i thought you were.. and i kinda sorta miss ya:/ how was your convo wit my uncle?
Deltona: two bursts...one in 10 mintues..the other over an hour away
#schoolmemories doing nothing ALL day long
Just saw Metta's elbow....smh
I miss 's live chats
Today's the first day of my first sabbath year with bob.
RT : Bacon, beer and sex solve all of lifes problems
You know why the world didn't end on October 21 -- too cold for camping!
"If it's not right, it's trash." BOOM!
Good game today griz! Now dinner with the second fam.
Thanks for LIKING us, Rashawn Smith and Kewana Duett! How'd you hear about us?
one day, when I grow up, I hope to have a majestic beard like you.
#Moonshine.. Not a good idea
That email is fine! Thanks -
so close to 2,000 fans!! Help us get over the hump
You say I'm the one that got away, I keep thinking ' Thank God!'
school ruins everything! -_-
Jack Daniels. Lots of Jack Daniels.
Get your sushi strech pants on. It's 1/2 price sushi roll night @ Fuse!!
Who Needs Words, When Forever's In The Silence....
named Hugo lol
Just ordered a new hoodie PLUS a free throwback demo CD AND a free Radical Something sticker pack.
Road trip to the US Open at Bethpage Black. Do your sun dances.
It's ok, I was just telling K cause she asked me to come over. this morning i found out i scheduled my math class at the wrong
you should do a Drake song.(:
i did blister from that glass.
We have extra DISCOVER PASSES for and , and we're giving them away for FREE. Interested? Tweet us or send a DM!
Downtown Madison Tenants Snow Emergency tonight 1 - 7 - park on the odd side of the street tonight or get ticket! Parking Ramps free 9p - 7a
Q2 I worked in marketing for a time, and found that answers that weren't simple yes/no tended to put people off.
think im gonna start like eating more healthy
Oh my goshh.. I swear I be breaking curfews when I talk to you lol
a bottle of oxygen?
Lmfao no session this time. I was in the bed!
THANKS! We love this product too!
According to survey:More docs are saying if they could do it over again, they WOULDN'T choose career in medicine.Details 12
What are you going to do with your extra hour today? We suggest taking that time to dive back into the book you've been reading!
Bless you too man.
To answer ur question, all repairs are done "while you shop" we are fast at fixing any of your jewelry repair needs :)
my pleasure! Great inspiration! : Thank you for RTing the Nest tweet! xox
sleeping! Which is what I wish I were still doing right now :-)
So much for sleeping in, holding water for the runners out my window on 59th street.
What ever happened to KONY...?
I didn't take a nap today
Finally done with my math staar ^—^
Happy Thanksgiving!
Best bumper sticker: my brother is autistic and he is badass.
That could be arranged! Text me!!
ABQ ranked among 10 ‘best places to live’ by U.S. News & World Report online today. Due out in-print in the July edition. Way to go ABQ!!!
I need Sum NEW INK!!
George W couldn't produce a relevant pamphlet on economic reform, much less a book.
I can't change the way you feel, so I just gotta change the way I feel😒
well, everything's fine :) .. I started following u .. whaddaya doin?
lol you already know
": 3 kids birthday parties in the next 5 hours. And go" god have mercy on your soul.
Join us tonight for a great artist talk by Irish-born Katie Holten @ 7 pm. FREE at SECCA, 750 Marguerite Drive.
I'm such a foolish little girl.
Ugh back to school Monday :(
I'm so glad! Hope it brought a smile to your face : ) even though they look suuper cheap! Haha
Yeah, he's a lucky fellow indeed, to be adored like that.
Hey :D
apologies for the hiatus, revamping a few things, and a final edit for our book and game is in order. We are seeking investors at the moment
would love to see that presentation!
wow Samantha and Captain Awesome
Morning parties are awesome.
Merry CHRISTmas! Praising the Lord for my Savior & that today my Redeemer lives! And He lives in me! Hallelujah to the King!
Just purchased a new camera, Canon Rebel! Now I just have to learn how to use it...
not complaining... But now I'm hungry again. Better luck in Houston, I hope!
Does anyone know score of David Prouty High School Super Bowl Game??
Lovin' the San Diego weather in NYC today!
Please let me know your thoughts on the DAM_SCOUT app. It's an on-going project so opportunity to improve.
Never Hire a Social Media “Expert” Expecting Results Normally, I cruise around to links my friends share with me and various topics spark a
Nah. Lion's great. I was just grousing.
suits come with registration cost
Looking forward to watching! Best of luck from the team of Colin Mullan Racing.
you can hang out with me ):
no matter how old you are you still be a punk bitch 😉
We have our first intern starting with Ride the Spectrum tomorrow! :-)
I wish i had a reason to drink tonight but i just dont see there being 1
One is a childish fantasy that often engenders a lifelong obsession with its unbelievable heroes, leading to an emotionally stunted... (+)
listening to & loving new album
hey - I didn't see the price, how much is it for the NYE show?
I've lectured a few spaniels in my time & has a pic of me in CA looking like I'm teaching a rock pool!
Can someone come to my house and braid my hair :)
id like to think of myself as a young elvis in the flesh or young hank its whatevss
What is your favorite trick/tip for cleaning and working on your bike?
Need recommendations for good WP video plugin. Client wants video from YouTube to show on page, not just link. Recommendations?
Why the fuxk can't I sleep 😡
You're awesome.I'm tweeting what you once said that stuck to me.Hope all is well take care.Congrats.God bless.
LETS GO KNICKS
My life long dream is to meet <3(:
aw he is so cute!! mine is like 1 1/2 we have had her since she was like 4 months!!
Getting ready to tape for 4 regional TBN Praise The Lord shows today. Gonna be a full day :-)
Daniel at Rudy's Barbershop did it again! He fixed my strip mall haircut like a champion!!! Thanks, !
It's just too nice to be inside all day but there's nothing to do outside either
I don't know but I think we never see us before hahah :D
I think what really perfected my gift basket making skills were daily rearrangements of stuffed animals on my bed.
you did?!
**RT2WIN CONTEST** RT the next tweet for your chance to win 2 tickets to Bon Iver at on June 6th!
Lacking purpose or intention is another key career derailer. My motto: Be intentional!
are you trying to put us into a rage with "Rayburn" tweets?
Still 77 here and back to 78 tomorrow!
I think it's very hard for us now to appreciate just how revolutionary the play was when it was new. :-)
because I always with you. Duh
it was. but we all were very good at keeping the secret. he was so stoked after the punk'd. it was great!
#lib #addy test at 8 pm
I'm working on copyedits. Another writer refers to "seaworthy Vikings".
The Maya Long Count Period for the 2012 year figure of 1872000 days represents 98.6013 calendar rounds of 18980 days.
Off to my fave Thai food !..
Song 4: Awesome
Today I went to my last film class EVER. And now I am sad.
Andre Miller still mad Camron said he got a basic game.
Hate when people judge others and don't even know them.
Omg....I'm finally on twitter lol
Buyer Persona Focused - Great copywriting makes personal connections with readers
Slow progress is better than none.
We needed PR and what do you know we are getting PR. God always gives you just want you need when you need it.
You get to throw fireballs at everything!
super funny
Listening to Melvin Rhyne's 'Boss Organ' and making some coffee.
said it "makes the invisible visible." I say stop by and see my colonial revival door! "American Style"
Liz there are multiple answers, you need to ask more than once. 43 is just one option.
Game tonight gonna try to beast even tho we r low on ppl
ME lol i used to have it and write in invisible ink so no1 could read it and only i had the light but after a while i coulnt
Oh, my sweet little Janet! Always surprising us.
Waiting for the guilt to kick in.
following u
How he gnna wake up & not love me no more? I thought I was the asshole, guess its rubbing off
I love the rain :]
hey my phone's not working. I'm running to a work happy hour, and then ill either head back to work or home. Tweet a sista.
its only 150 more characters than an average tweet. what could go wrong
Clarksville with my boy this weekend. ❤
Twitter is always too fast for me on Fridays. I can't keep up!
Linz! Samford is in October baby! Did you know that?!
#FollowReader Awesome! Then we'll put it on YouTube.
wow!! Didn't see that coming...
back in Santo Diego
"materialism is distinguished by its lack of imaginative power" probably the single idea i agree with
Thanks for the #FF! How have you fared on your latest adventure?
If GZ was black, the bail would be higher than 150k. Maybe no bail at all.
Will be quite odd not seeing Pat Summitt on the Tennessee women's basketball sidelines next season. Sending her good thoughts.
Through July 17th mention coupon code "5forJuly" receive an additional 5% off our already low prices on solid prefinished hardwood flooring!
Victory sent The Bunny The Bear for me to preview, proving once & for all that Brummel believes there is no such thing as bad publicity
Mastering Pinterest (so much fun) at AuthorU
MegaUpload mega oh no
Reading the story of terrorism in swat valley
GOOD MORNING. HOW IS EVERYBODY? AWESOME HOPEFULLY.
across town, must checkin and steal mayorship
What's the reason of lying? Never gets you anywhere. So might as well tell the truth right?
Properly inflated tires improve gas mileage by up to 3.3 percent. Check tires with a good gauge once a month!
Proud of Asheville for passing the Move To Amend tonight!
test message
At a Cheesecake Factory for 1st time in at least 5 years. Still have a ridiculously long menu
#20ThingsIlove hunting & fishing & just being in the country.
oh well Doesn't matter lol
do you have a facebook?? If you do you should be my friend on there :D
Continuous income  Increased income through niche marketing is done as you spread out the products in various niche markets
That's my old hood! Enjoy.
lol, yes, I guess that's one plus for an early start to the day! Have a good one :)
You niggaz content is OK. But my team is O-SHIT!
HWGWG = Hot White Girl With Guitar!
When I don't feel good on a Friday night>>>>>>
But his meltdown is SO EXCITING.
omg didnt even tell you who that is... So shut that up lol
Wht did i ever do to u? U wanna start stuff well go for it thro gas into the fire see whts gonna happen
I wish I could rock sweats and jays to work damn!!
Cause there'll be no sunlight if I lose you baby.
I don't doubt it RT : DID YOU KNOW: Science tells us that Monday was created in ancient Rome as punishment for stealing.
Can't believe the shit ppl wake me up 4! So my lil bro drew a stickman wit a gun & told his teacher "F*CK U BITCH" & said i taught him -__-
Going to for a nice little workout, I have a great
ET in Bayern Munich-Real Madrid match. Productivity gone.
No doubt about it!!
Kristen Stewart Shops for Guitars at Robert Pattinson ’s Favorite Spot! (PHOTO) Kristen Stewart arrived back in Los Angeles last week,
I <3 you ... Cause you totally aren't racist
First Brother Apparel event is tonight at 630. Kick off 2011. Bring 15 bucks and get a shirt that helps a child in Kenya.
We have free pint glasses at #interbike booth 17021! Get them while they last!
Having a PYT-Nikki-Only day :) woo!
Alot bad bitches in the club #AMEN came in the game killin niggas
The way guys and girls think is crazy!!! I'm laughing at this whole convo.
Wow, my phone is effed up like always -_______-
The bigger the better. :)
Yes, inspiring presentation! MT Thanks for presenting to the Study of the US participants from MENA!
Absolutely! RT You build relationships by telling the truth even if it hurts or embarrasses you.
My timeline is full of fan GIRLING girls <3 :D
At the movies about to watch Journey 2 with and the rest of the fam
Only watching the #Avengers because of the hulk
Love #SwampPeople and
All you who doubted KU can #kissmyass #haters and to all u #Mizzou fans... U can blow me
i love the new ! im keeping it!
What an amazing weekend of shooting! Playing catch up today.
Lincoln up 21-14 in the fourth
Who said im going with your cuz “ tell my cousin to bring me a plate”
i love watching Japanese cooking shows-i never knw half the stuff they use but i make it up-like oh thats pistachio creamer & nutmeg i think
Happy Monday #actors!
Mr. Rickles, is that an English bulldog? They are very technologically savvy.
If you ask me if I love you, I'd lie..
So, if a little drone helicopter flies into the airspace immediately above my yard, am I allowed to shoot it down?
#nowfollowing my awesome sauce baby brother ❤ love this guy!!
Rest In Peace Hannah. I miss you so much. I'm so empty.
was surprised to learn that Bob Marley spent the summer of 1969 working at a Chrysler car factory in Wilmington, Delaware.
hey sexy
oh my.... Maybe hess... Busy
Hm....not a bad idea. I might skip the artichoke though. Spinach bacon dip in a bread bowl. Maybe no bread either.
Happy National Teacher Day & thank you for making a difference!
SHOUT OUT to for being my 250th follower! <3 Keep the #FF Love going! xoxo
(Slowly raising hand to see if anyone really believes me than quickly back down) Nope
Ok, forget the anathemas. Let's just forget I-I entirely. Praise the Lord for all three Star Wars films!
why do people say "grow a set of balls"?Balls are Weak And Sensitive,If u Really Wanna Get Tough!,Grow a Vagina!,those can take a Pounding!
Thanks for coming down, it was awesome catching up! Let's build some quadcopters!
but they did a few weeks ago.
Sick at homee.. :/
If you don't mind me saying, your prose has improved over the last couple years or so.
In response to ur #APP #training, we #learned we needed to get #windows 8 running #inthelab and we're doing that now! Thanks!
3 years working nights was enough for me. Avi Selk can handle.
The expression on her face said it all! RT : And..I think Elisabeth almost cried when Suzie 'endorsed' President Obama
Rebel America Inc lands instrumental placement for Disney's D23 Expo 2011: "Living the Magic"
I totally think Maks sleeps with every single one of his celeb dance partners.
“: Got screwed once, you're going to get screwed twice!”
to 11:11 and now to #SAYSOMETHIN !You have came so far,I'm so proud of you!<3 I love you ; your song is perfection! <3 16
thinking of transitioning this account to an exclusively "what I'm eating for lunch" affair
I was stuck like chuck yesterday had to cxl ine of my events ma get up today though
Wow! Those look amazing. Enjoy!
"Your intellect may be confused, but your emotions will never lie to you."
At #Westfield #Vancouver mall touring the planned cinetopia!
I'm not sure if it'll replace iTunes for me, but Spotify will be mighty fine when I want something new to listen to.
Time to hit the showers!!
Happy mothers day!
They didn't let you tweet in the classroom?
Sunglasses and Advil.... SWITCH last night was mad real!
FWD: Man you sure do have a way to make people do what you want lolololol.
"There is originally no word for truth, but the way to it is revealed by words." - Shih-shuang (b. 986-1039)
Are you performing anywhere before the 17th of Feb?
Throwing the love back atcha on your new adventures in LALA Land! I was also on that eye-opening call w
Thank you Advocate Health for a great session on leveraging social media
will you wear a pretty jeans tomorrow and you are cute smile on your face i love it michelle
Holy bananas...really? I guess stamina is part of that job as well.
And I am Emily's Maid of Honor :')
Well the no D Bowl I mean the probowl is on today. So 7-3 in the playoffs time to try to pick up a win so AFC 85 NFC 82 lol
Tomorrow! Awake venue with APLT, Mask The Wretch, and many other great bands. Come!
why didn't they have al gore on there? didn't he invent internet?
my eyes hurt so fricken bad
#WhenImBored I sleep :)
Woohoo! Rose Bowl/BCS NC or bust! #barkley4heisman ": Merry Christmas to the Trojan Family! Santa Barkley says, 'Fight on!'"
The guy in front of me buying a membership makes me really appreciate my cool ass friends. What a douche.
blahh I may know otherwise
That's awesome! Mandolin is SO much fun! There's a bunch of lesson tutorials on Youtube too that you can check out too.
On this weeks #Veep, the president is worried about what the VP will say on Meet The Press, surely that never happens in real life.
Thanks guys! Hope you have a great weekend!
This lady I this train STANK so damn bad..!!!!! I should tell her... Or is that rude?
Have developed a recent affinity for black nail polish. Not wholly convinced it's nostalgia.
I bought your sandlot shoes for my Dad as a b-day present. He was thrilled!!
Watching Back to The Future..1-2-3.. Looking at 2... Where were the Cell phones and why do pay-phones still exist?..
is watching a pull up competition on Icelandic TV. Yes, I am procrastinating. I hate footnotes!
Katie Couric once drew a picture of me for which I paid her $1. And another $1 for her to kiss it. The picture, I mean.
So sad I'm not going to SD to watch #UNLV take on SDSU tomorrow.
When someone comes in & needs something we can't give, we connect them w/ someone who can. Thx your help!
Special unit enroute to get bavarian creme donuts and bear claws for our SWAT buddies who've been in a standoff all damn day.
Help our management company Sage Hospitality, turn Denver's Union Station into a living landmark, choose the hotel...
Now watch me blow em out they shoes without clues Cuz I won't hesitate to detonate, I'm short fuse
But then they ask the guys for directions, lol.
..his name? FRANK FINE, savy?
My mom says the YouTube of the 1986 Bears SuperBowl Shuffle is too grainy and she can't tell them apart. I think she's just racist.
LOST DOG ALERT!! Mooresville area: Zeus - brindle boxer with a cleft lip. Almost 2 years old. Please call Elisabetth at 765-343-2319.
where did you hear that?? I hope so!
What a douche.
sweet dreams ... bye
can you give me advice because next week I'm trying out for a crew and I'm nervous!
When Chris came on the screen i screamed .
books as punishment? sigh. i used to fake sick when i was a kid just to stay home and read all day.
free as in beer, if you forget about the conference registration.
thank you for the RT
Gotta luv how just handled an internet coward. A class digital pimp slap lol
They're not afraid of the beauty, which is nice
For us they are the same people.
.001% tx #PressCorpse MT : what % of Americans know their government is constantly bombing Yemen & killing civilians?
i hate when fine ass dudes talk to some ugly hoes n cal themselves pimps wen tha hoes they fuckin r fugly thats y they got so many
DS: another quick poll, what do you think Baltimore is, a Baseball town, or a Football town? I say football, only because the Orioles suck.
I think seniors should start at 9 every day.
Gotta love the #Celtics heart having to beat the refs and the #Heat. what a load of crap! Worse officials in all of
But seriously, it seems like it would be pretty cool to reenact scenes of Platoon with , does it not?
I'm going to bed, I'll be pm my personal :)
Don't forget to get me an amazing slicer, dicer or mop from the expo center!
make sure you have your pops rip those videos, is ripping my 8th grade play
you're pic
melly! How are you?
i missed my number zeero today! where you been! ^-^
": I better kill this test today after all of the studying i did !!!!"Good luck today!
Also, big upswing in crohn's disease in kids: another autoimmune related disorder.
yup , I thought they where movin but I guess not
thanks. It goes back to the basketball and carpet football at the Durhams'
Don't forget to breathe occasionally. Haha
Yeah, give me a week or so and it will be up on my #dukecityfood site - I own it once it is published!
Tomorrow might as well be Christmas. Getting my iPad 2 and a brvsh (stylus) to go with it. #ipad2 #brvsh could see 60ss on an ipad soon!
Fredo In The Cut Dats A Scary Sight!
There's just nowhere to go after "Gymkata."
RT MAKE. IT. HAPPEN.
Offtopp RT : those signs are compatible so we all get along....lol. See you brothers tonight.
do you wanna spend the night at my house tomorrow?
What a beautiful spring day! No room for improvement.
#ThingsIGetAlot did u paint your nails yourself?!?!
Freezing in my office. Thinking about tonight
i wish i could go up to him and say hi but i am so freakin scared
I really want some jalapeno crunchers.
Paul Bigot (Gigot) says the legal doc in Trayvon Martin case was "troubling enough!" More troubling was the "hate crime!" Murder of a child!
if you think you can simply press rewind, you must be out of your mind, son.
I mean motive in a teleological sense.
Tulsa vigil for Trayvon Martin tonight: TU's McFarlin library at sunset. Organizers say wear a hoodie. will report live at 9/10
Rick Santorum travels dead worlds through the dreams of tortured souls living in the ninth hell.
nice double today
Dude nice! One of my personal faves! Let me know what you think. Its kind of a slow burn, but i think its a masterpiece!
Thanks for helping spread the word about CTE and TBI!
Twitter fuckin up too many times
Congrats! We're oh so patiently waiting to hear 'All Over You' LIVE at ! Yeehaw!
I love Fizzy Family <3 follow me please?? <3
#muchLove #Vegas for making our living social deal a success!
Hey Bob - Are you still in Dexter Michigan right now?
If you remember what it smells like, it wasn't an opium candle. // MT : what does an Opium candle smell like?
Love how I can have students post model writing to a Google Doc in share edit mode, and then switch to view only security mode to project.
Haha #WeLoveLouisTomlinson and #NotGayEnough are trending at the same time
Rest in peace Hank Jones
Feels great to be hammering out new features every day again. We're building some killer stuff for you API nuts!
here's how I see it. We have two options 1) more gay discrimination talk or 2) a leader who speaks for us. That's it.
Did #adwars last night. I cost my team a point when I insisted ESPN started in 1980 (correct answer was 1979).
RT : Truly appreciate the creative work of others, your own creativity grows stronger.
19 more followers til 200, come on guys help us out!
YES DALLAS WON!!!!
Conservatives: please stop comparing the federal budget to personal finance. These aren't analogous concepts. Thank you.
Thanks everybody for sharing on
Thanks but Lil Cousin you did not have to bustme out
A Walk To Remember is one of my favorite movies that I've seen once...and ever since then it comes on and I always miss it :((
Okeeee Kooo thats wassup Gone head and ddoo that and guess what i made a new rap
i am doing ALL of them but i LOVE SINGING i dont like my acting class or my dance class
Nightmares of family dying and waking up bawling... Not settling well!
have fun this weekend.
lol... shut up
is switching Wolfschmidt and Kamchatka vodkas to "Vodka Liqueurs" by using 10% sugar and 49% wine, lowering the price for both.
Thanks for the tweet. Good to hear from you again as well and thanks for the kind words. Hope all is well your way as well.
Loving the love from battle - we won our round! We can't attend (busy busy) but it was great to get in there...
Good GOD u hit the spot
send us ur music, photos and bio so we can feature you on , we def support Indie artists.
had a pretty fantastic lacrosse date night with (;
ARG. I thought it was you. Sorry!!
What about Charles Barkley over David Robinson
but CT doesn't have affordable housing or commercial space to make tech start ups possible.
Your such a silly boy:))))
Stop and think before you act
She'd rather fight with you than love anyone else.
I can't stay up late at all anymore
come back to Cali!
no no no no (Kevin hart voice)
isn't that the problem? To each his own, I guess. Not like we've ever disagreed before ;)
jim and pam on #theoffice are so cute that it makes me want to cry.
re: your hair in the opening credits - anyone our age can remember wearing our hair exactly like that :)
H-Yes.
The Bright Idea Challenge is great! Wish we would have applied. Is it only once a year?
I just read chapter 1 of The Forever Girl. wow - Utterly. Fantastic.
Indiana freakin hoosiers. Gave us a great start to the new years festivities last night.
Local ad sales fail. Just saw advertiser we tried to sell for months rotate through indieads network via adsense backfill
Love Meech Dogg for the free listening Gett. JUICED UP thanks GOD Bless
did he get out of a delorean? :)
let's go united!!
Besides Iron Works? It's right down the road. I don't think I've been to the one you speak of.
OK..... Who's going to be our first customer??????
morning everyone !
Congrats to of and on completing the with a time of 04:02:30. Way to represent Colorado
nothing it just started...
I took six those bitches. Never again, my friends. Never again.
Got a few new followers today, go to my favorites to look at pictures and things, and see my youtube video. search "skylarSKC"
uh oh, ! That doesn't sound too great. If you ever need help cleaning up after your #pet, then give us a call.
Over The Hills and Far Away (Zeppelin), Rain (Beatles) and What a Wonderful World (Satchmo). Those are always in my top ten.
That's what I'm saying.
Going to the NFL experience tomorrow morning
can people from my town stop reblogging crystal hate that bitch
none of that had to do with my well being...i never even said anything about me
hey tweeps what up
The tradeoff for winning the Super Bowl is having absolutely no excitement for/during draft night. But I'll take it.
he wouldn't be able to get away with that...the NBA is only sport with egos like that
We're celebrating human trafficking month in the back of 's car with two non-citizens in the back :) #MW2012 w/
Hanging with Joel Warren at to discuss hair color trends for Spring and Summer...look out for the article later this weekend
thank you
he sits right in front of me in primetime & right behind me in studyhall AND i have gym with him
Can't believe my bracket is still perfect.
Totally with you! RT Today is the kind of day I wish I could just go to the gorges...
I hate long hash tags I presume? :)
I hope you enjoyed it with a tall glass of mellonade and a bag of fluffy puff marshmallows
We screw up and get charged up the A$$, but they screw up and we just take it and wait forever for things to get fixed...banks are the WORST
this tour is going amazing for sure! Thanks for all you do!
One thing I’ve learned from having a baby around: baby wipes make awesome, cheap eye makeup removers.
I've lost all faith. Fuck you #Spartans and
CIS Chess Instructor: "Yesterday, a student who just moved here from China said the 1st English word I've heard him say: Checkmate!"
“: ": text me right quick" <<< same number from last night?” Ayee I'll text you in a min" <<< ok
BOCCE REGISTRATION ENDS ON 4/21/2011.. MAKE SURE YOU HAVE TEAM SIGNED UP!!
Just cause someone is being quiet doesn't mean something is wrong.
Glad to have you back in GB. Congrats on the new deal!
RT RT : Whoever says that they would still work if they won the lottery shouldn't be allowed to win the lottery.
where in BV are you at? Wanted to congratulate you on 10k peeps having a San Tan can in hand yesterday! :)
Great Picture! Thanks for coming to Albuquerque and staying at our hotel
Great achievement is usually born of great sacrifice, and is never the result of selfishness. - Napoleon Hill
thank you
um we are hanging out soon so text me & let me know when<3
All because I tried to show her a video with UFOs
strikes out the side with fastballs after getting early k's with junk
girl, i've seen you do work at HH. I think you're set!
Heard a Christmas song on the radio today. Seriously?
S/O to my new followers
a fucking documentary about weed!!!! i love this
yes?????my Team is out the Playoffs am i now allow to talk about other teams????
AWESOME! RT Exactly. RT : Social shouldn't be its own channel, it should be supporting every other channel.
Oops no. No beard no love
I was too cheap to buy that Nails record on $/minute grounds. Isn't that awful? But I'm poking at that Spotify business. Hm.
congrats dad!
Well, I jumped up, turned around, spit in the air, fell on the ground and asked him which was the way back home.....
RT : Looking forward to guesting on #rteld tonight << can you autograph my TV ?
But there are times you need the courage to take a great leap;you cannot cross a chasm in two small jumps
Thankfully, chewing dulling the hearing.
How does he reach you?
You can put your snowmakers away now. =)
Sorry red cross i am not giving you my blood because people are dying and its not my fault. I hope i hurt your feelings.
david kahn has tricks up his sleeves
I keep running into the problem that students don't believe I work here, or they choose to ignore I work here.
#liber2011 Types of digital content: simple/complex, rendered/ non-rendered, static/dynamic. Different set of problems for each.
Thanks Mindel! RT : Break another leg tonight!
I wonder if being a ninja would pay well.
Drop "just" from your profile! =)
I still think about you every now and then, but only when it rains.
"spectate" is one way too put it :P
um it's my birthday night so....
So #seattle donors, how many #GiveBIG requests have hit your inbox? Stay tuned for the top five reasons we should make your list...really.
Yup. Sure. : Remember this guy? Mark Lenzi, Olympic diving gold medalist, dead at 43
01.17 join us for a great game as we are joined for half time with AV Dance Studio 81
price of that gum just went up. lol
Elevate a little higher! #BigTimeMovie .have that song stuck inside my head.
Please STOP following me! The real content is over - news on social commerce, ecommerce, brand & user experience. Stop, I say, Stop!
yes I'll be going to the game - u wanna roll? Also what time do u go to workout?
It hurts when you trust somebody with everything and tell them all your secrets just so they could use it against you <
8 people can make some seriously dirty laundry!
Finishing up photos for the website. Lookin sick.
in St. Louis for the Region VII VPP Conference - Talking Sustainability and HCS Best Practices
-smiles- what's up
#ChocolateAffair This Saturday you don't wanna miss it. & gon sho' up and sho' out!!!
Happy Birthday to you!
I think grant and I are me the only two people to #kickvoldermort'sass at being evil enough said.
I think I'm feeling a little funky because I haven't given myself time to be creative lately. How about you? What do you need to give to u?
What we will hear from players & coaches all week: "We just didn't get it done."
You are amazing!!!!!!! Keep doing what you are doing
I am writing a paper for LIBR 200 class and I would love to have this data for my paper.
same thing on my way to work but it's a taco truck.
I will after TG. Check back!
RT : Currently in the studio, cleanin up that & "Army Strong" track as we speak ...
Had the pool to myself this AM. Swam my laps and watched the sun rise. Let's hope the rest of the day is as nice.
Do you have first steps in mind to help break down these silos? Saw weekly chat idea--anyone else have success?
Wait tomorrow is monday, oh shit open mic Mondays...
three more weeks <3
#FridayFact: Studying earthquakes began in 350BC. Aristotle noticed soft ground shakes more than hard, rocky ground. #shakewhatmamagaveya!
And so much talk about American Idol.
Note to self: Wozzeck and the Messiah don't mix well. Must learn to Rejoice Greatly with a big voice...oh dear.
Just when I think I will escape being jailed lol
Hopefully, Saturday will be the last day I have to deal with my ShitBerry.
data mining / viz of email collections; software emulations; disk imaging... (all digital forensics stuff, I guess)
Love the comment that says "I went to Jason's party. It was lame."
OH: "Holy data redundancy, Batman!" - , RE: working in (what else?) this morning
Spending the whole day on buses. I am sad to be leaving Boston/Maine. Had awesome hang outs with
#AGirlJustWants someone to love her, always
Expectation can be the triggering mechanism which attracts into your life, every good you desire -Bob Proctors classic "you were born Rich"
Love wicker park & ! : : Q3 #Foodiechats Where is your fave #Organic market?
always keep god first:)
If WebCamWindow ever has a call center, we promise they'll speak English, solve problems and be here in the USA.
www.jtb.co.jp/ very cheap right now!
so what we get #drunk?
Bitch you are 16...the fuck are u messing with a 26 year old man for. COT DAMN your a crusty whore
Miss my her :(
dumb right? lol!
I.e. write a book, record CD, develop teachings. Prepare 4 opportunity before it arrives. God gives opportunity to preparation!
she was pouring her heart out in that note
Masters of Cinema Blu-ray?
Oh no!! VERY disappointed!!! I have class I was enrolled in by boss tomorrow. Will miss #chat2lrn (may make part of #swchat)
Impressive use of health data - sleep, blood pressure, exercise, medical records, prescriptions & more at Summit hackathon.
No, I'll be bringing my red trolley along though
McGehee and Betancourt are essentially the same player at this point. No bat and no glove. Gomez is at least a stud in CF
This shit weather has forced me to revert back to my Boy Scout days.
Hm. Might have to try some "Cocoa Tans" this weekend.
This guy just started peeing at the lightrail ticket machine #dafuqdidijustsee?
Check this Out This Page is Happenin!!!!!!!!
why thank you! I'm trying to be 😌
my bad mama!!!! Next time, which will be soon, You and I must party for sure, I was in the dance halls learnin how 2 dagger
Is the winter air drying your scalp? Steer clear of product w mint ingredients. Instead find a protein-packed conditioner, like a leave-in.
12/21 at Frankies - & We're celebrating Karri's birthday & graduation from the U of Toledo!
Have a great weekend MKE!
#YouGetMajorPointsIf you respect my space and can hang with my friends as a group too
Thanks to I have had a lovely morning sipping my coffee and reading book news.
Holding your uniqueness in high regard is not "egotism". It's a necessary precondition to happiness and success. ~Bobbe Sommer
Yeah, nothing seems appetizing at
I think Gaga would allow that, among many other vices...
Bruce Wyman on interactity & digital strategy. #me2012 Great! Expect people to access your content on personalized devices in many forms.
OMG I was looking at the west side story yesterday it was so sad :(
Player Development 101: A leader on a team makes others around them better. A leader inspires others 2 play harder. A leader lifts others up
We're having a private new car showing Thursday 6-9pm. Catered, live music, sweet cars! Would you like to come?
Great Alumni brunch at Annenberg Beach House! Nice morning/afternoon with great people!
I write sins not tragedies:)
Shit, I had so much to do this week too....
That's exactly what I said !
Okay! text me!
Thx. Called LMI help & found one can have multi comps on single acct. Just added each comp @ host & refreshed app. Works now.
yea when my barber aint there I come back later...They be tryin tho..im cool
Possibility not only for data curation career paths, but also reward structure for curation of data sets and related work.
Just worked out...a little run/ walk action
This is one of the biggest and most inconsistent strike zones ever. On both sides.
Thank you for the RT and all the support!!
my birthday is tomorrow :D i'm so excited!
thanks jeff. Good to see that it takes Christmas to get a re_tweet
Rubens cuban! :))
People who are so upset by typos should really avoid the internet.
Watching The Vampire Diaries. #S1E8 shoulda started watching this earlier. Its great.
RT RT - I need a punching bag .
I just biked to school and was totally ON TIME! Take that petroleum based automotive infrastructure!
I want all people to know every law that exists in their nation, state or city, so as to be truly informed when new laws come to be
Not a good day.
I'm so pissed ! I don't have all A's because of gym :/
I hate when someone calls me & I don't answer and when I call them back they don't answer -_-
More videos are in the works for all of you to check out. Check your inbox for an update for the new videos!!
I never understood how man feels he can change what God accepts
Goodbye, New York. That was a long week.
Just had my first gel manicure. will it survive a gig with Jeff Hamilton?
I will be there, already bought my tickets!! (:
I love JoNo for wanting to be out there but, no. Take care of that ankle!
im at home playing games! Wbu
They're in the room down the hall -___-
Competitive advantage, yes. Unfair? Absolutely not.
Don't you tell me what to believe.
Why we love #EV s. RT : When I had a Mitsubishi iMiEV in 2009, a years electricity cost me £85. Or 1½ tanks of petrol...
F-Texas I want them to lose the next 10 games.
I hope I pass the welding test 2day so I can get pay.
That's for sure! Man, I wish she would say that to someone on network TV.
Where are you, I went to your room but you wern't there. Where did you go? I'm at the cabana
ok I did hey what's up
thanks! we're pretty amazed at the response thus far.
baby i shouldve kissed you while i had the chance. </3
Congratulations to the Burlington Red Devil boys hockey team for winning the Division 1 state hockey championships at the Garden yesterday.
Cant we all just grab a bong and tag along?
Perkins needs to stay and run wind-sprints. Ugly. RT ": Thunder were 18-18 at line Perkins misses pair with :43 left.”
Just bought my ticket for - Looks like a great line-up!
I didn't know that "Breaking Bad" was a landscape choice.
Since Romney is so concerned about debt and spending, will he forego his salary and benefits if elected?
Chiptune music is the best!! :D
group says OK to openly share very rough start at a data citation lifecycle from group V at
Relationships are like peeing in the pool. It feels good while your doing it but do you really want to stay in it?
o must be really prettyy
Have "they" uttered all kinds of evil against you falsely? Don't despair: you are the ones the world needs!
Is winter break supposed to remind you that being busy is actually a blessing? It's working.
Hi, I like Harry Potter also. What other fantasy movies do you like? Do you like fantasy novels?
One more final tonight then back to Columbus!
tomorrow gonna eat out with my dad,and with my grandfathers :D family moments without my mother: c
...made all my friends and family feel loved
Cross your fingers for no rain tomorrow! Here's hoping we'll be able to hit the parade route tomorrow!!
Does anyone know any good songs?
can I say Gold Digger!
BOOOIOLA '=' K' FAIL HEIN MARCOS... K
Whoa. I got 7 responses regarding graphic designers. Sorry if I don't get back to all of you! (The power of Twitter, eh?)
Just had an amazing couples massage at The Westin, so relaxed:-)
YEAH! (thank you)
i guess the trend is naming yourself a clothing brand
#BizForum Hi there, so sorry I missed your tweet. Hope your week is going well.. Cheers
Which driver package was that big? We have some large packages, but there should be bare drivers that are smaller than that.
I have xm as well love it during Football Season,im good,just done working out April ugh..lol
#mostinappropriatethingssaid2me eat my ass
are there any guestlist spots open for the show? I'm going to probably end up driving up after work that day. (:
Planning for this week. troubleshooting class, Upgrade Production to #vSphere5, and two new customers on
#YouKnowItsRealWhen that person is quiet.
not sure about stabbings but Portland has seen 30 gang shootings so far.
right back at you!
Work has been good! Thanks for asking. Glad you made it. Who's moving there next? Reassembling the Hawks in ENG?
Olmsted wanted to call Emerald Necklace the Jeweled Girdle. He was overruled.
Liter Night at the Anchor Bar!! $6 Liters, $5 Jager, And $4.50 Bacardi Drinks... Come in for the best bar in South Tampa on Friday Nights.
was it the matching uniform?
YOU'RE NOT PERFECT?
#ireallymiss the best show I've ever seen on TV #Lost. Good thing is I could probably watch it again and still not totally get it.
Dead serious. & He actually has a large fan base. I don't get it..
Just saw a dog chasing a goose thru the waters of Lake Mendota! So glad to be at #UWRightNow! Especially on Lakeshore Path.
The Salmonella outbreak in eggs make me think that this could be a great bonus level for the Angry Birds app.
I Eat the Pussy like a Pro” n she love dat shit Dey said #treehyde a freak naw i jus love tu please da pussy
Back to sleep already...headache
A woman who can't cook and clean is basically just a fleshlight with a face
got my lebrons best thing out of this day now need 2 make more money
I can't tell I think ur exaggerate'n ur tummy is str8
Yes really
get back to work and win game sunday vs celtics beat them i dont like them
Can somebody mention me in thier tweet? I have one more follower until my goal. Its
Bass, drums...sounding good! Up next some rockin guitar!
I’ll admit it. Every once in awhile I read a book that has a plot.
no problem! You rock too. Thanks for the #mamamafia support too :)
being done as we speak
There is just something about Don Draper that makes me want to sip brown liquor, smoke a cigarette, and have an affair
Anyone else catch Green Jelly's "Three Little Pigs" on SiriusXM Liquid Metal yesterday? No? Just me? You guys are lame...
I guess I'm on my way to this chior practice ..
new heights coached by Brandon Adams how are they doing
Beer or Wine ?
done with homework for the rest of the year.
LOL! You're a devious SOB with a poor sense for finding assassins!
Barrett gets endorsement of current and former Madison mayors including Cieslewicz, who Falk helped get elected in 2003
The upright splice is specially shaped to fit inside the upright tight against the side flange.
thanks for asking! We start at K applications on the website of each school. Cityneighborsfoundation.org
wait a minute... I can Airplay apps to my Apply TV? Or just video from apps?
Lyfe Jennings - Let's Stay Together
BE MINDFUL OF OTHER PEOPLE FEELINGS
Tuesday Travel: Turnberry Isle Miami Triathlete Program
Bring out 100 Million Roses.
You don't want to be 'that' person. Take it from a momma who preaches to her kids all day, every day, lol. :D
"what Disney Princess is your favorite?"....morgan-- "girl ALL of them?? So what does that mean?" Lol...love you honey!! ;-)
"Winning starts with beginning."--Anonymous
if not, you're in for a treat tomorrow!!! It's one of the best of the season.
Watching i die
He has that right! "I was a veteran, before I was a teenager." - Michael Jackson
They keep adding And.... -__-
I'm on mine just using wi-fi... Theater?!?!??
seriously, though, I'd love to test it out on some artifacts. Might present some challenges getting them to stand upright.
i think all forms leave the users 'crispy' ... that stuff is brutal
If revenge is a dish best served cold, and revenge is sweet. Does that mean revenge is Ice Cream?
boo. We're comin to Bismark on the 18th though. When you comin back to the cities? - Cher
JUST SAW 140+ PUBLIC ART PROPOSALS. CAN I CRY NOW?
I'm a social media magnate! RT How come shipping magnates are the only magnates? Why not pancake, tricycle or apricot magnates?
in tribute video to Elie Wiesel: "you survived horror without hating"
Toshiba announces three new Android tablets
Your face will melt off and your children will weep over your exploded body!!
I haven't legitimately laughed that hard in like 3 years.
Thanks to #a4aChallenge sponsor & Dir. of Education and Advocacy Barry Ford for joining us at the #BreakfastofChamps!
": Just got my earrings from kno my mother is going to Love hers...Thanks:)" yayyy!! I hope she does ♥
biggest fan of you all my life. Everything about this band is perfection, and you should come to Louisville, KY!
In the studio with and Ultimate swag.
You playin' with anybody this year?
Hope all you marchers have great shows tonight! Remember: the football team will be playing before and after YOUR featured performance! ;-)
Killed the cat
LMAO!! Reminds me of grade school. We had air raid drills all the time!
Ugh-so sad. I am sorry. At least it was a pretty day. *sigh*
Thanks for sending my gift to a friend in the Peace Corps...all the way to Malawi!! She loved it!!
The senior class of 2012 finished with 100 career wins and 4 NCAA Tournament appearances. Congrats boys.
please do! Check back often. We should have a new post up by the end of the day.
ohh so she is gonna go in for sure?
RT : Pretending to be someone you're not, is a waste of the person you are.
Ha, awesome finale! is tha shit.
You said slang not actually do it dummy. :P lol
wasnt the kid a finalist for the heisman once back in 2010?
Listening to Jen Foster talk about twittering but not too much. Chillin at Indiegrrl
u going at midnight tonight
Clearly you are in for birthday cake martinis, yes?
Ours is a world where @ is replacing ©. Attribution, not restrictions. RT
beautiful day for baseball ⚾⚾⚾⚾
Are you a fan of Goodwill on Facebook? Make sure you pop by for our Make My Monday coupon today! 25% off your purchase all week!...
It's about to go down. Let's get it!!!
hello :D rt this if you like lady gaga :D
I need a drink. Preferably an alcoholic beverage.
Thanks! RT : Love them all!!!
Well if the SB was graded based on commercials and halftime, let's just hope there is a sliding scale.
so very awesome!
The cure is baking strawberry cupcakes. Works every time.
RT : I wonderful what my first meal on US soil would be if I was Amanda Knox...
Need.Inspirational.Quote.
So cool! My sister had a home water birth. It was twins that changed my mind. You are my hero Leah! You can do it!
I wonder if you guys can follow ? If you try, lemme know how it goes.
Great #work with advanced #focus mitts combinations tonight. See you tomorrow at East at 10am for
#Str8LykeDes... Need a sweet snack...
Siri has taken Genevieve as a host body and from now on will speak on her behalf
Well then, my first answer was correct and Michigan it is
Credit comes from the Latin word trust..
It's a textbook ad hominem argumentative fallacy which stems from their core conviction that women aren't worth the effort of using logic.
Irvine Spectrum today hopefully ♥
Just made a tanning .
Great All Star Game!
What do you call those called Primary Debates :)
Dangerous driving with this rain! Be careful!
Never tempt the eye of a thief, for if you do, you stand to lose more than sight.
Hi ~ followers !!! talk with me ;D
So ready for the new episode of game of thrones tonight. I need to catch up in the books though.
alright then don't forget!!! Somehow the pollo campero from here can never even get close to the imported one ._.
“: RT and ill tweet u something perv”
Miss Caton is my name, running in heels to catch the smith warehouse bus is my game! Training paid off today.
okay andy. i will try to refrain from poker profiling.;)
Lets build music that will wrap around you & stay with you... Blessing
YOU'RE LITERALLY INSANE 😡😡😡😡
Uninstalling Microsoft Office Home and Student 2007....taking over an hour....Why??
I just seen on tv lol
i love listening to music with my ray friends in fifth hour and then when we dance (: i love my friends. now time to write my essay..</3
They sure don't make Jews like Jesus anymore :-/
No Lies....New Truths
which is clearly different from the original, ad far more costly "wisdom". Good job, naming committee.
I followed her can u please follow me
I really don't think it is acceptable to show a death at close range on video. Show a snapshot, but not the whole video.
hi.low
heck ya I'm interested! It's a weekend I hope?
sorry but idk who you are lol and I will Darian don't worry :)
at least you're consistent Jim.
But pointless like all my other 4,995 tweets
Oh. Mah. Gah ! I just vomited.
East coast. Originally Ft. Pierce. Now New Smyrna Beach.
I thought it would be good for me to get out for a change of scenery, so I went shopping. Why did I have to go try on bathing suits? WHY?
Just snagged 6 tickets to 's show in cinci. Good thing I was on my Donald trump shit... scrubs owe me $$$
All snuggled in bed ready for sleep :)
who are you and what's your favorite hobby? its about time we got to know our fans better!!
Well, that was a great apple pie tip from #RestaurantImpossible Chef if I actually made apple pie!
We can only be what we give ourselves power to be.
Wow! Am I really stuck behind a damn garbage truck at 2am??? 😡😡😡
is promoting his product too much. I miss the classic
All followers; please head over to follow as we are no longer monitoring this account....thanks!
you better! :)
Sorry to hear that! We’ll definitely consider adding more Zipcars and or new locations in Federal Hill. Thanks for the suggestion!
Glad I'm not at campus conference because I'm all about constant coughing at moment. Attendees also happy I'm not there.
New Wicked Evil: The Pursuit Files with Bradley Scott. Coming April 2012!!!
I have a sister again today! Welcome back and on CINCO DE MAYO
Ah, archiving emails. It's the little things in life :)
Marriott Pinnacle, Opus, Westin Grand, Shangri La are all pretty solid. Staying on the harbor at Fairmont, etc. is great, too.
not a dig at his integrity, just an acknowledgement that it was well-timed for the polls.
I have 6 spots open for this afternoon. I come to you for a change. I may stop on the way!
There are 84 million moms in the United States. Wow! I am grateful to be one to two beautiful children.
What? Say it ain't so!?!
hey Noah!! fell in love with u wen i saw you on tv tdy. Ur gorg!will you b in NYC? Follow and mayb I cn hlp set up a meet n greet.
I've been listening to for the past hour and a half..... I really like his songs (top of the world)
Class act!! Wishing you and your family the best!!
Groovy. I loved it, too.
Just was sitting here thinkin bout that song "Big girls dont cry" and started busting out laughing cuz big girls DONT cry, THEY EAT!...LMFAO
let me know...i went to his show in madison over summerand it was hilarious
watching truelife: im a newlywed. the oldest person on the show is 24. that is nuts
Exclusive: Family Demands Truth in Air Force Pilot&#39;s Death
"If you can be told what you can see or read, then it follows you can be told what to say or think."
Gotcha grandma on my dick lmaoooo ha ha
Learning shouldn't just be about the what, but also the why and how.
Home is where the vodka is.
hey! Where are you? I'm back left :-)
I just passed 100000 dollars in Google earnings. But unlike Nokia, I'm not ... - ABC Technology and Games
No matter gay, straight or bi,Lesbian, transgendered life,I'm on the right track, baby,I was born to survive,
will get to listen next week. Been crazy busy
Clyde Stubblefield's drums on James Brown's records are the backbone of countless hip-hop songs. Clyde Stubblefield is UNSUNG!!!
or at least make an appointment with a cardiologist. something...
you're not doing anything?
Being nice to people doesn't cost money but it's kinda motivating. It gives meaning. - Bing Gordon
Is Closing The Month Out STRONG!!
very true. blondies + almond extract too
No problem!
we just finished the PSA for the Cannabis Freedom March happening this May! It only took 2 hours, 4 people, ...the ball is rolling fast ;)
you tweeted! I was about to text if you went haha
When you realize your " bestfriend " wasnt really there for you when you needed her.. I'm so over this type of crap..
where you been all game
iPod Error. Forced to Restore
really were
HathiTrust: single entity, many partners, bringing libraries closer together
Hello! Do u know a way to help Google crawl/index sharepoint javascript menus/links? Wonder of there's a SP plugin or something...
-- Which one of the two is your final answer?
Done with work already! Sleep time
My new obsession
I'm trying to see if I'm getting my phone again this weekend.
Back to #OKC for a couple of days w/
I need a sign like that says "No rules, EXCEPT write!"
that's where we can do it. Close your your eyes feel our way thru it. I can't wait to groove ya
Hair Washing + Humidity = Muppet
awh that's so cute!:) would you please follow me?:)
What a rainy day
“: I treat everybody with respect, until they give me a reason not to. #ThatsJustHowIam”
Thanks for the Great panel on food writing at #ASJA moderated by
If you're happy and you know it, like this post! :-)
RT : if ohio is the bellwhether state.. than the president dropping 13 points in approval polls must be very concerning to the WH
Party style/square cut, every time.
I Luv Boston, #autism raise record-breaking awareness & support for
Theirs a fine line between fishing and just standing on the shore like an idiot.(:
Whoever was the idiot who got rid of the 6-sided ring in TNA WRESTLING (NOW "IMPACT WRESTLING") OUGHT TO BE FIRED!!!!!!!
night friend who I wish I knew lol
Protection vs raw message results to aka raw dog hydrogen peroxide man
If anybody has a ticket for Bonnaroo they would like to give me for free or at a greatly reduced price I would certainly appreciate it.
in a caravan of some latin bitches ..... ROZAY!!!!!!
Thanks to everyone that came into the tap room this weekend. The vibe you created was amazing.
85lbs is a lot though. U act like its around the corner lol
but u make me laugh.
i got it:)
Mark Leggott discussing "Hylandora" the Hydra \ Islandora interoperability initiative at #dcfedora11 users group meeting
thanks my friend!:D
are there a lot of people there?!
I unfollow bitches who are in a relationships, post love or couple pics
Congrats on 2.5 million followers i love u and I'm always here for u
never tried that, but I'll keep that in mind
Thanks Mr.Dwight Howard, that is my homeland, Be blessed
“The Dispassion of the ”?
Get a limousine for your birthday at a discounted price! Call today for last minute deals 619.225.8466
If you are going through hell, keep going. ~ Winston Churchill
"Aureole" is a corona around the sun or moon. "Aureola" is a misspelling. The word you're looking for is "areola."
Booked our double-kayak tour for this Saturday! Ready to check out the sea caves!
yay me! Lol! I am pretty pumped!
the tweet you just said about your ex-friends??
You'd better hurry 'cause they're goin' fast . . . RT “: We are down to the last 100 tickets.”
If you tell me you are going to do something, do it! It's simple.
I need some fun in my life
you missed out on Nirvana, Pearl Jam, Soungarden, Alice in Chains. Don't miss Alabama Shakes. Really Journey,Rush, 80's sucked
Your Very Welcome!
and at last, all the pictures have been burned and all the past is just a lesson that we've learned, i wont forget, please dont forget US
NO. UGH. SARAH WHY.
Ugh, trying to get a virus off my computer! Not cool.
“ #MCC2012 kicks off 2nite w the Gala! Can't wait to represent KC this weekend for & !”
Isn't badly written and uninteresting an obvious problem?
Since you live in Ohio please follow , they're having a charity concert soon with amazing young artist.<3
so sad to hear it. Grew up listening to them. Sorry to the rest of the crew and family.
#imagine Austin gives his jacket when you're cold. Aww so sweet <3
“: And one more night doing what I love, with people I adore. Late nights & long drives home are so worth it!” #beyonceworks yeaa
anyone know of a good HTML email blast tutorial?
Jacob Wilson hit a home run. #Memphis it was a pretty hit....... lets go TN
This bitch right here is fucking hot. I love her.
Both are recommendable. Gonna sleep on it before I write my reviews tomorrow.
i read that it comes of of the urethra from the g spot.
I want ice cream. And like....good kind
My finger hurts!
I think it's unhealthy to listen to one song this many times in a row. Think I'm obsessed...
1 timeout each.
RU tweeting in your sleep? U should be resting missy! I'm not a Dr but I want to play 1 on TV (consider this practicing orders).
Much obliged from Airplane Novel's author. Many thanks!
Holsteins lobster mac and cheese!! It's a whole new level of heavenly bliss!
A high school teacher in Salem is accused of having a sexual relationship with one of his students. Details at 10&11.
IU's Straight No Chaser's concert July 17th at 5:30pm. Tickets on sale now at the Box Office open Tues.-Fri. 9-5 or available online.
still. tornado?
I make up stories and poems all the time but rarely write them down. Not sure why.
Tired never again ugh I cnt too get off. Mad its cold ass hell. Now I'mma b stuck with Shit do .... Ughh
RT : Main Street Recycled walking tour w/ Kathy Whittington of #RVA history and architecture! Repeats 7/29th!
i just finished a whole essay in less than an hour wut
I think of Same sex marriage how I think about women's rights, I don't give a fuck.
Growing Up Won't Bring Us Down!
Great day so far, but I'm shooting for fantastic... #whoswithme???
yes please!!
I hate to admit it, but Im a sucker for Romatic Comedies.
This guy! RT : How many of you alums are back in town this weekend to celebrate 120 years?
My husband just sent me a gcal invitation for a weekend getaway.
It's funny how people have, like, different opinions on things, and stuff.
great job tonight! so proud of you. missin you already <3 we needa chill? movies? dm me...
one of the nicest sets I worked on. Probably the best group of actors in a show. They could all do almost anything & often did.
Give me a friggin' break. It's a close game. Is he not allowed to bunt?
Gm all happy Seis de Mayo. Feels like a Kahlua morning
Here comes the sun!! RT The SUN IS UP for the #KSLAM Breakfast Block Party
"Very few people know how to work. Inspiration, everyone has inspiration, that's just hot air"-Beatrice Wood, potter, artist 1893-1998
that's my dog. Lol its still love tho lol
thats one place i dont wanna see right now
I hate the way the end of a cold feels. I feel so weak and icky. Glad its almost over tho. =/
Bitch ass nigga.
Why are you so amazing ?
Had a good core work out. (:
Have you seen the new Nike uniforms yet?
That would be the coolest thing ever! But, no, it's not. My name's Alexandra.
oh drink cakes. I'm trying to figure out how to make a Manhattan cocktail in cake form for someone's bday in June
what about schools offering DH certs already?
Your humor is awesome!
1. Add some muscle
Spoon concert on Austin City Limits is as disorganized and confusing as one would expect.
miss you too! Hang in chicago?
Dissertations into books (I'm an editor). The dissertations have the feel of collected articles.
Sounded like Tiger KNOWS that he must change his behavior.
Living in a world of recursive functions and quasi-hierarchical tables at the moment. Care to join me?
how i met your mother is good. too bad its done
Evans squeezes the ball, Cundiff is a non-factor.
I know you are. I hope it's true. I don't mean to be a pessimist. “: just reporting what I heard,”
Sound judgement to me :) RT : Son: need a $1 for a hot dog 5 min later Son: Got a cupcake instead. Hot dog line too long Me: sigh
Mr Bates! No! Someone tell me he comes back to Downton Abbey! (Season 2, Ep 1)
time for a upgrade in lock and bike ouch
so jealous of the fucking boys they can get anygirl they want
Retweet if you up
Sleep mode ... Slaving for white people 8:30 to 5 tomorrow.
that's a dope instagram pic...
<-- Thx for the mention!!
yeah! Lol we were in the white sequoia.
your tweets are soo sweet..<3 They make my day better..<3
Each of the three catalogers opens a new TC approximately every 5-7 days. It really depends on how much "stuff" is inside.
They are towing cars on Drew & Milam. Observe street signs before you park folks. Being gangster and acting like you don't care is stupid.
Thanking God for the morning...even though I'm tired and groggy today, I'm still happy to be alive and thankful for God's blessings! -Dave
Tried to make coffee. Made something so strong it almost tastes like alcohol.
Swarm game is at 8:30. Think I'll miss the soccer game.
I respect my wife too much to do the things I want to do to you tonight.
GREAT answer...LOL
Made it thru 9 minutes of the Fox 25th Anniversary Special. Can anyone beat 9 minutes?
This past week we gave a free to Heather, a fan who "Liked" us on Facebook! More to come!
RT Porcello just not pitching well tonight. End of story. He is throwing not pitching
Another beautiful Wisconsin day! Hope everyone is enjoying it!
My eardrums are bleeding shit was so loud lol
If I follow one more person on twitter it is going to start a conga line
Time flies, but remember: You are the pilot.
At the most amazing person in the worlds house((: Madisan Paige Faulkner is so amazing((:<33
Anyone willing to adopt a black goldfish?
I am so sorry for what i said, it was just really stupid, wrong and NOT funny. I felt so bad when you were mad and i feel like
MIT's new self-cleaning glass resists fogging and glare. Could lead to smudge-free touch screens for smartphones and tablets.
Watching Bulls vs Spurs.
sure, have had good & bad experiences w/theme reconfig but upgrades do have me irritated. documentation could be more accurate too
sure you can reach me directly at
Is e-mail to slow??
I wish sleep wasn't a necessary thing. Hello 5am. I didn't really miss you, but I've seen you too often.
What he want
Lil Niqo television love 106 n park go check that out now
i LOVE public transportation.
For you...I won't be moved.
for some reason The Replacements is my crappy movie of choice. keanu reeves at his finest?!
if you can't beat them, join them... i LOVE game of thrones. and i feel like a big big hypocrite.
Jam session on the drums tonight!
Covered. Protected. Secured.
aight lets try this again
#BobKnightJackAss that's all!
FUCK.... ion feel like gettin up
A taste for truth at any cost is a passion which spares nothing. - Albert Camus
Happy Friday everyone! What coaster do you wish you could be riding this weekend? Let us know! -Vince
that peppermint hot chocolate sounds amazing!!
It's on our band page on our facebook! www.facebook.com/armisticemaine
just watched the Teen Wolf Trailer! i cant wait!
RT : Again, one anchor is acceptable, but twin anchors is preferred. Yes, I'm fat & hungry. What's it to you? TheHussle...oot!
yeah that's me minus 25lbs bahahaha :)
250 lbs of sexy
Lols Today Was Chilling !
u kno my bday next month I'm talking bout coming to the h
Mornnnnninnnnn!!! Today is #movingday for the uranium universe!
Get out and enjoy this amazing weather! We've got live music at 5 with Kyle Giauque:)
George Clooney always looks lovely!
Happy Easter!
Well now their are no excuses, you have the number so why you ain't used it text me yet lol
lol hell to the no...
Headed to #RidetheDucks for #Cincinnati! Should be a beautiful ride today! All in the name of product research!!
Summer mines I said it bout a 100 time on my drake shit
What happened to Alex Presley? Did he really just turn into a pumpkin right before our eyes?
you welcome
That's an alright day RT : 2014 Buckeye LB target Raekwon McMillan tells me Florida, Florida State, and Georgia State offered
I like it!
I think you have him confused with someone else. His name is Roger Murdoch. He's a co-pilot.
“: We all have that one friend who makes us laugh with their stupidity.”
Don't allow the PAST to destroy your FUTURE.......
Real men rock beards.
OH Lord help me i have a assesment exam on tuesday and I've only been in school for only nearly 3 WEEKS !!! i NEED 2 STUDY
OMG! I'm so bored. I am just chillin. On facebook twitter. And man am I bored. ;D
In the nail salon with my daddy lol
don't forget to mention that Kevin Mazur has made tons of money off James Devaney shooting Aniston for Wireimage...
#Legwarmers make for the perfect pockets when running!
Yes, I changed my PW so I hope that this nonsense will cease soon. Thank you. Cheers!
Here is what #spirit told me today: #Love is all there is! Look beyond words into your #relationships and with #yourself. Is this truth?
The ego has kept you living in survival mode and now it is the time to move into living. True living is done through the heart.
I want to, but I know I shouldn't... Fetish for white girls!
ruffles feathers or makes fish uncomfortable. Is there a way to get position on a fishy without making things uncomfortable?
RT : RT : Gratitude is living in simplicity, thankfully noticing life
Don't forget tickets go on sale at 10 am tomorrow for Legends game.
Yikes! Hope everyone is feeling better soon.
On NCIS set today waiting in holding... But the weather is beautiful out here in LA- a cool 72 degrees!
Broad Ripple! I've missed you!
fear the fuzzy cuteness.
according to the attendent, he doesn't "give a damn."
When does the game re-air? :)
Wishes #undercoverboss would come to my job!
True! A terminal is a terminal. :). (and I meant avr-gcc in the last tweet, not fucking FCC, haha)
Just saw Wicked in New York. It's amazing!!!
And by D-Day I mean Dad's day. Not 6/6 - tho thats coming up too, so what the heck - order him a MagneticPix for 6/6 too! Stick a flag on it
"It teaches us that 'nothing which we have once psychically possessed is ever entirely lost." (2/2) Freud quoting Scholz
yo, i need some followers.
hello glad we are connected!
#PacerNation LETS GO!!!! I'm so going to the game thursday! 😃
Catching up on parade work while watching On Wisconsin!
RT : ROMNEY THERE ONE YEAR LONGER: RT : Harvard alum #Romney says #Obama may have spent too much time at Harvard
I stayed up FAR too late talking amazing opportunities with the crew and it was worth it 200%.
just took 5 days for me.
"A cobra snake entered the children’s house. [With my Nokero] I went inside and killed the snake." Reggina Kasera, Nokero user in Namibia
Why did you RT that........... did you pick the wrong one? LMAO 8'D
Just out here in the playoffs .. You finished in Venezuela ??
Perhaps instead of trying rename by way of predicate nominative, "Standardized tests are nonsense," we move to "nonsensical."
To dare is to lose one's footing momentarily. To not dare is to lose oneself. ~Soren Kierkegaard
I wish Face Off focused more on working and less on drama
There's a #BigBlackSquirrel in our neighborHood..... I don't know what he's up to , but I'm sure its no good!
hey baby u gone met us at the casino
Get on my GUESTLIST for free entry by sending full names to 202-200-7627
All packed up and ready to get out of Holbrook, AZ and into the field. Getting ice - out of blocks means 2 days of cold vs 4.
I'd like to ask for a moment of silence. If you need to know why, forget about it. (cc: )
Tomic is one of my favorite players. not just because he just won me some money but winning with slow balls is a lost art
so so true;)
#Huguely atty:"it wouldn't be fair to his client not to have proper representation".Co-counsel ill. Proceeding w/other witnesses.
When a person asks you a question they already know the answer to.
yeah but you don't have to sit here and listen to it across the desk. we've proofed it and it looks good2go. need anything else?
#StreetLife's name comes from his breeding, as he is a son of 2007 Kentucky Derby winner Street Sense
that's the first video I ever watched. :o
Every winter from now on I'm heading south. I have learned my lesson and I am enjoying this florida weather!
hay :D
At a mexican party...damm this ppl do love to dance!
Yep she def does cause she was just bitching at me for losing so much in poker lately.
that is a HUGE #citesFail. too bad that level of fail is also totally unsurprising...
Not just any slippers, stylish ones with like diamonds and shit on them <3
hahaha, no im not.
I need more followers
Yes tonight i do
Blah well that sucks, >.> they are jerks JS
On Caltrain. 6'2, hefty black guy just ran down the aisle wearing a red nylon jacket, gold chain, earrings, and a fro-hawk. Mr. T? Is it ...
I'm so bored! Nothing to do tonight! :(
I don't play stupid little games.
Last day at one of my part-time jobs. Looking forward to entering the world of full-time employment on Wednesday. Exciting times!
Cherish everyday!
See you later!
GREAT leaders ask what others think and aspire to be the dumbest person in the room. HUMILITY AND WILL
Rabbit Rabbit! (Not the first thing I said, but the first thing I tweeted. Still count for good luck?)
ah... I say it's high time we that we meet half way... It's only neighborly... Track 7? Next weekend?
better watch out for Andy Dalton n AJ!!
My cat, and my asthma are driving me crazy!
There goes my baby!
Send Flowers to ya #Workplace!, like its yo birthday !! Just to just to put a smile on ya face!
I definitely booed Heath Bell. He's not on our team anymore. I'm not going to cheer for the man who is trying to make us lose the game.
That SUCKS! I've had it happen to me many MANY times...
My industrial strength umbrella bit the dust today due to torential winds. It was almost 1 year old.
has been desiring to perform on stage more and more. . .
Thank you Dan and Amy at North Olmsted Denny's for todays breakfast!
Playing battlefield bad company 3 on ps3 with and add me robbimac
#EMAs is now over so next up is #HALOAwards tonite @ 8pm (Pacific Time) be sure to watch
I can't imagine even fitting in that tiny tub, let alone taking a bath
Keynote is interesting but has similar issue as Good to Great which is drawing big conclusions from small sample size.
have fun in LA! Had so much fun meeting you and your both are so nice! It was crazy seeing you guys in person!!!
sounds good ! Is it just me or does the pic look like a pig-dog?
My dear friend Holly. Amazing! MT There is no question it was #Gaddafi. Every time the ambulance stopped, mobbed by rebels.
Lebron is such a beast... Nobody makes this many and one plays
thank you! :D
Think im gonna have to child proof my cabinets to keep my dogs out of them.
THAT makes sense. Thank you!!! :)
This is the day I made a twitter, since this day I have been trying to get noticed by and I wanna get noticed TODAY! #leggo 7
I wish Shumpert a speedy recovery.
deep breath
i did my twitter, now what?
Your tax money is going to be used to pay for public schools even if you don't have kids? Yup
“Given the choice between a Republican and someone who acts like(one), people will vote for the real Republican all the time.” HARRY TRUMAN
#Greece's extremist Golden Dawn party swears it's not neo-Nazi. Hope not, dumb-asses, considering Nazis slaughtered Greece.
Just watched your smackdown match...damn it was good to happy to see you back
You talk to everyone in my family but me.
Happy Easter!
Feel free to use #prsawis for today's meeting.
s music
Radio personality for the Brazilian hour radio , is telling us about his work, centered around parternships. Any questions?
hahahahah eeeew my butrhole is not the size of s car wheel ! Christian my butthole isn't like yours ok?
Don't forget to join Las Hermanas at Health & Minority Youth today at 6:30PM in Marvin 402!!
Our care should not be to have lived long as to have lived enough
Shout Out to....... Go follow her she is amazingg!<3
Before the pageant, I was finishing up my costume, brushing up on current events, & running 18 miles on aboouutt 400 calories. I WAS READY.
You need to put some thought into your online personality. It's part you and part your company
is AUDITIONING new voices 6/1. See fairfaxchoralsociety.org for details. Looking fwd to hearing from you!
wat it about
Tip 3: Compete for China’s talent. Many businesses expanding into China mistakenly believe they will have many employees to choose from.
Mom will be part of Pikesville MD family soon. Filling out all the paperwork. thanks Bianca
finished my first 1/2 marathon yesterday! and pretty darn proud that I accomplished that goal...considering another already.
'You cannot negotiate with people who say ‘what’s mine is mine, and what’s yours is negotiable.' ~ President John Fitzgerald Kennedy
LOLOLOLOLOL I love you too.
Goodnight my Tweethearts:)
I have 4 things to do today: 1.Library 2.Run 3.Chicken Dinner 4.
LMAOOO!!! I am so happy RT Y'all I can't even flex. I got my ass played last night. Shit hurt my feelings
the first one will be on kindle soon. in a few weeks.
8 flavahz are great but not my favorite!! Sorry guys I only look up to and
is moving to england??
Where is the coolest place to go to get something for free on your birthday?
Very proud of
crooning standards in traffic.
Apocalypse now at the Josephine... So psychedelic.
I just made a chicken breast with fresh peppers, mushrooms, garlic, and broccoli!
then I'm there! :p
uh yeah....and I called you back a little while ago, Mary!
I've been putting off going to Target for about a month now and I'm not really sure why.
Tonight on #CriminalMinds blondes don't have more fun!
Tech City doesn't offer enough incentives for tech entrepreneurs - please provide opportunity.
amen!!!!! This probably won't help my coffee addiction but oh well! 😁
This is getting me all excited now!! Only 24 more days :D hdfgadfsjchakdbgr
I would it it if u follow me back
Glad it worked out! :)
Exeutive Catering hand made pizzas---$10-$12 All pizzas are 16”thin crust U-bake --Get your order for the superbowl in Today!!!
How many entrants? How many seats? Good luck..
I never realized it, but since I have a finger mustache I'm part French now...
I back Lars if such a throw down were to happen :)
and my dad said "No honey, that's a BOY lion. It has a mane. See?" So I said, "Then HIS name is JENNY."
He wasn't there.
#SUCCESSBABY! RT : let's do it!
Perry plays Morman card, then demands Romney reputidiate Romney care, then says revolutionary war was in 16th Century.Love it!
watching him in titanic 3-D again wasn't bad either....!
not as awesome as the end of March, eh?
In MBA, the core topics you'll encounter include:Accounting,Quantitative analysis,Economics,Marketing & Organizational Behavior
It's National Teacher Day! Make sure you thank all of the amazing teachers in your life!
S/O To You For Following Me . By The Way Your Beautiful
Is this Hardware Growler telling you that? It tells me about random devices/volumes (dis)connecting. I think it's a known bug.
Cut out the wedding people & it will be a lot cleaner. Don't give up yet!
be derrre soon
I repeat - double u, tee, eff
Just announced! RED HOT CHILI PEPPERS on Nov1. Tix on sale March 9th Noon.
Get your business noticed! is offering 10% first month SEO or social media campaign that starts by June 1.
after searching 78 pages in the #1940census and NOT finding my grandfather's family in Springfield, MO, i have to get back to grumping,
“: . One for the history books #gaymarriage” AMEN Sister!
I hope to get this fix soon. Stop by and read todays story TRUTH BE TOLD__NLD EYE OPENER. NLD Mom/cancer survivor
I hear ya except I can't because we r here
This school year went by oh so fast.
please tell me they at least got u in for canceling ur gig
going to Rutgers for a conference
Annoy A Yanks fan- Tell him you know why Marilyn Monroe was attracted to both JFK & JoeD - buck teeth. #redsox bit.ly/mightannoy
My parents still up
Busy day with 51 desks in use! Guess the sun comes out and Seattle folks are inspired to find community.
...wee sometimes we need a lil somethin for ourselves ;)
my room is like a freaking oven...
We don't mess around when it comes to good food and drinks either ; ) Hope you ladies have fun tonight!
If you can't reach the small goals you set for yourself (ex. Getting places on time), you have no chance with the big ones.
If English didn't marry Math and make Algebra life would be so much easier.
I've just come to read the meter.
So happy for ! Cover of PDN Magazine - what a star!
hahaha reject jam... so sad! seriously though, homemade strawberry jam with the little strawberry bits in it - SO good!
Drums are the best part! The heart beat of the music :)
if i dont know wat this is than i dont want this on my page
Thank you much to all on my panel- it was truly fascinating stuff. Keep in touch!
RT if your bored!
Me no like boys that ain't jumbo.
I'm trying bro
my moms been asleep all day, cool beans(:
wouldn't it be nice if...it was #summer already!!
When titanic 3D comes out ima go see it alone xp
What a perfect week to move to the UES MT I'll be at Barnes & Noble on the Upper East Side tonight talking with !
sad sad day
my email is ONEVSMANY -at- GMAIL -dot- COM
Why are there interstates in Hawaii?
Idk what else to do *shrugs*
i want a tattoo so bad
RT : Houston, Texas Weather :: 66F LIGHT RAIN: 66F LIGHT RAIN
I guess I should get my tic for the crab feast soon
nigga you didn't tell me if you liked that danny brown song or not.
because when they're dry we leave for school :P
#HappyMothersDay going out to all the moms out there hope they have a wonderful day today! :)
is it worth reading now that I saw the movie??
word up. we'll keep ya posted. thanks for the support and please spread the word! keep tossin'
"they say i'm up and coming like i'm fucking in an elevator" lol Best song lyrics I have ever heard
Joe Flacco is a good QB. The coaches have to put him in a position to win.
They are playing sweet caroline at xfinity
I want to thank everyone that has visited my page @ reverbnation.com/roberttorme because of you, my tune "everything happens to me" is...
I'm on a sea of moving emotion, tossed about like a ship on the ocean
#BlackWednesday is upon us....No plans? Join us & Bottles? Parties? DM us to book your celebration today!
Hell Yeah ! U already know.but aye i work at wendys now
They Say The Sky Is The Limit But How ? #Biatch I'm MOON WALKIN' !
I'm on www.netvibes.com This is a very cool RIA,.
Insanity: doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results. -Albert Einstein
so rainy!
Honored to be in the number!
New Tweet Peeps! TFTF!,,
the people that are making big money are the ones being watched by the people that are spending money...
Is looking for sales reps, so if you want to work in a cool & laid back environment, send your info to:
Arnold has begun to march his troops through St. Roch slowly around the walls on the north side of Quebec toward lower town.
THERE GOES MY LIFE
And yeah, I'm blaming the typo on you
4 birds in a row for
survival is the exception.
#WhyWouldYouAsk or Someone Else? -_- Wow,If you know me,I will say Mindless Behavior in a second& you wont be able to hear!
Ladies, make sure to wash off your eye makeup before sleeping. Bits of mascara can cause bacteria to grow.
that's not quite the case...they will still get cited like any driver..this law just eliminates impounding.
previous tweet; what to get at Panera. :P
Instead of taking "Makeup Seminars" or "Workshops" come train with the BEST! Job Placement help after your Graduate!
I'm hereby launching the YOGO movement. You Only Get One. Don't say YOLO more than once...a lifetime.
sup bro ??
Great Show TH in Riverside & gr8 interview on too! there is a pic here on my twitter page for you all:) Thank u!
My favorite site about dirty cops is www.injusticeEverywhere.com, These guys are on 'em! Been a great writer's resource.
“hahaha no thanks!!"don't know if this reference will make sense to you. But- "No ssshthankyou but I choose life" -Sid/Ice age
....funny reading this as the smell of bacon happens to be wafting through my house right now ;)
thanks for the love!
Its a beautiful day at the beach just chillin' with all my babies ;)
You rhyme like a woman that’s got whore ways Laughter’s the best medicine so your records then should cure AIDS
good morning tonya
NBC's Community is has been renewed for 13 episodes next season. Great news for a great show!
really? You don't like him? Well here's something else that's not true, us being friends.
haha pirates and ninjas are just brothers from a different mother and they don't know it...lol
Plz RT : Score face time with L.A. casting director Ty Harmon. When Saturday @ 10 a.m PST. How? Tweet me 4 easy details
you're more misguided than I thought!
1) CURRENT medical documentation is not required 2) Most important is a diagnosis by a provider 3) Chiropractors ARE considered providers
Looking forward to the and after party tonight
very cool. Won't be able to make it across the river. Hope you'll give a report at #NITLE symposium
What mahomies got Facebook!?
Girls outside hugging and holding onto their boyfriends, like relax its a small fire you weren't even close to being dead.
school :S
This Is what you get for fuckin around with yakuzas, Go home to your mother.
Great to see hear from you and thanks for checking out Bokeh. Will you be at SIGGRAPH this year?
Thanks for the RT!
- he's not married. He's from the middle east. They do the opposite hand.
We know your bored at home cum down to Deja Vu Showgirl and make your Monday night better!
Stop for a lunch before heading out to hot springs
Well you know.. :p
All intelligent thoughts have already been thought; what is necessary is only to try to think them again
OMG! I'm not far from Austin. I wanna see/hear Tufte!
RT : The Steel City Ghostbusters Club (complete with uniforms, gear & Ghostbuster's car) will attend the May 4th screening
Cute, you don't even know me but you talk about me
Blue Sky Noise - ...buy it.
Columbia, where are you hiding your weather machine
Lol..she scared my nephew.
#busy #busy #busy #busy #busy dang
What do you do if the person your going to the game with says there going to be an hour late and you have his ticket?
im following everyone u tell me to but u dont follow meeh what the hello kitty
Thanks for the updates!
rocsi is wearing kicks :O
Congrats 2012 Zoey winners (Aurora), (Beast of the Air), (Tick Tock), & (The Technician)
Blush Brides! Email us your wedding photos and receive a makeup lesson to recreate your look...!!!
RT : Just replicating a credit card transaction with NFC isn't going to excite consumers/merchants. There has to be innovation...
Have a great Saturday #fortwayne!
George Hamilton with #AaronsBowtie you mean.
We Working! In the A room with , and making
I can't believe I didn't do it as a student. Weather + sailing are a match made in heaven.
LOL! No.. But there was some ballet on the side streets when I deduced no one was looking...
When people have a new 'love of their life' every year. LOL @ YOU! 😜
so why do you hang out with ?
Welcome to our new followers:
Proverbs 2:11 Discretion will protect you, understanding will guard you.
Love cannot be found where it doesn't exist, nor can it be hidden where it truly does.
Today: Panel discussion on Engineering in the 21st century. 5-6:15 Room MEC205, Mechanical Engineering Building at U.Va.
Listening to #wtfpod w/ #marcmaron life is good.
Congratulations to our good friend Washington Capitals Head Coach Bruce Boudreau ( A&A Board Member) & for the big win today.
Rather than boycott,buy time, reach out to his target demographic, change the world 1 diaper/time
3 suicides in the last three days in towns neighboring mine serve as a strong & somber reminder of what an important issue this
I'll be 30 in July. Pretending that it's not happening sounds like a good idea to me too.
Green your next glass of wine by choosing local & organic wines which uses fewer chemicals than mainstream wines and preserve the...
haha yup ..thats great! i ordered px90, i gotta decide when imma dedicate my workout time to it &get at it.
Great intvw tonight w/ , a tru remixer of music and homes. Check his hit show out Sundays
We hope so! Our friend who did them has bot said anything back yet
Why are my feet always so cold, and why am I wide awake at 12:30am?
I am happy for you, enjoy life together
Aye Mikey whats up?
It is in the patient endurance of affliction that the soul is seasoned with grace. FJRoberts
Thank you Justin!
What? No CV? Disappointed :( I was sure I'd be seeing you at city hall soon. But congrats!
Great to hear from you! What kind of boutique? I will no doubt meet someone who's a mobile apps whiz at #SoSlam tomorrow
Explore using title 1 money to purchase computers and internet access for parents?
miss you too. We need to catch up!!
Burger king
Been super stressed at work. At least tomorrow is Friday. :)
...therefore, #SocialMedia is just like talking to yourself on a hectic day...
OMG! “: hey you guys know about 1025 live right? Big concert by the capital. Thousands of people”
Will tweet for food..... or
Nothing like an earthquake to shake you awake
Don Quixote with the derby win
#YouAintTheOneIf you think its not a problem tryna talk to my bestfriends while we're together...
Congrats to all my fellow graduates today! #hatsoff #Classof2012 🎉👏🎓🍻
Oh yea Miami lets make them are bitches tonight
Raging at the other drivers provides a nice adrenaline rush to help ease into the day.
in no particular order, la Boulanger at pine and Fillmore, Tartine in the mission and acme bread company at the ferry building.
I found an awesomely creative Sherlock/Addams Family crossover a while back, if you're interested..? Multi-part, too.
My body is rejecting its new workout routine.. Workout Hangover again.
:O you take that back!
Canon is best because cartridges and inks are more readily available.
Making up a whole story in your head, Hoping one day it will happen :)
yeah that sucks big time! And I gota be some where in the next hour or so lol
Tomorrow we'll be on the southwest side at Fedex Trade Networks International Transport & Brokerage 2349 Aviation Drive Indianapolis.11-1:30
First time watching braveheart. Was pretty good
Above all things, never be afraid. The enemy who forces you to retreat is himself afraid of you at that very moment. -Andre Maurois
We are so glad you are enjoying the #LiNC conference, Wally!
These Apple announcements are always so exciting.
What are your favorite hoppy brews?
i'm going to see resident evil. i don't even know what it's about. :p
You can�t just live for some goal in the future and have that be everything or have that be it
No such thing as too long. That ish is expensive so keep it until it literally falls apart in your hands.
Ah, spring.
Shaved Ice <3
Iced coffee. 💚
night all - back to school tomorrow for me....
Kevin Boyer,Joe Dever,Mike Mason,Mark Murray,James Crawford,Mike Newton,Myles Hamilton,Kevin Craighead,Matt Anzalone
God i want this week to be over with! Its only Monday -___-
Hi Paige, thanks for following me, I look forward to getting to know you better, who knows maybe we can even work together???
Willie Matis (Willie_Matis) thanks for the follow.
novels in 140 characters. I like that! Makes you get to the point! Does each character have their own feed though?
Welcome, Daryle! #reverb11 RT : Just discovered ! Very excited for the journey -
#WaysToImpressMe be honest and confident.
Would you rather be poor or homeless?
hell yeah v c u!
Spring Break
To love is to receive a glimpse of heaven.
I remember you telling me about this a few weeks ago. Cool idea, pictures turned out well!
goin to the movies to just out the house for a little bit with my friend
#MaxAwards finalists to be announced next week. #HBA of great Austin
Glad you're here! RT : Down at Great panel going on right now.
Fun Fact of the Day: A 1,200-pound horse eats about seven times its own weight each year!
I feel that a lot of rappers in San Antonio try WAY TOO hard and ACT hard and super og. Rap real and be yourself.
#aaasmtg Dennis Meredith says everything scientists learn about communicating w lay audiences will help their scholarly careers.
you're so cute! x) can I haz you ? Lol
Adams: The people who getting the benefits and aren't is a story unto itself
“: Rocking the Red again soon baby ! #baltfire” Heck yeah!
Both of Us, or Arena! (: x
my semester flew by and now I just don't know what to do with myself lol
ooh frfr just goin whip it out huh??? Lmao *looks for it* lmao j/p or am i ummO:-)
72 law enforcement officers were slain in the line of duty in 2011, an increase of 16 over the previous year, according to new FBI report
RT : "Your move, Dwight." - Stan Van Gundy
Oh, I won't. Caught up now. Let us know how random Internet folk can help! ^_^
LOL at how I busted my ass today 😝
It allows you to level up and be promoted after each experience
Come out to The Legacy (14th & O) at 8PM to hear the Matador Singers perform their 2nd annual Christmas concert! Merry Christmas!
Sarah's Key! Great fiction based on horrors of Holocaust!
Nothing makes me grumpier faster than having to rewrite someone else's bad copy.
February Issue of ZINK Magazine featuring my photography comes out on Feb. 24th!! Don't forget to get your copy :)
love the #Starbucks new store concepts in #Seattle!
Went on a walk and ended up stopping at wienerschnitzel for a chili dog
It's not that I can't. I just choose not to.
Riff raffs a clown
They took little kids away from they're parents and killed them
WAIT. i mean,
wats the play play for tonite
I like 's idea of asking tour attendees to also live tweet the program for folks not there.
I just wanna go back to sleep. -_-z
good night baby I am sorry don't shed a tear over me or anything because it's not worth it ok, I love you
The review of this production's Broadway run called it "fresh.., both airborne and transcendent."
Help me with my job! Do you think pop culture helps or hurts the true story of Hindenburg & Titanic?
I'm proudly wearing my I voted sticker!
#nf follow back cause i misses you!!
I regret even meetin you
in my jammies already too ;p
LOL want to stay off your "clean up" list!
we got that "daaaammnn yall still 2gether?" type relationship
Ready to be bummed out? There's a show called Bikini Barbershop: Jersey.
Going need to eat fruit and veggies for 5 months to recover
Auction this weekend going on with Doug Vaughn BK Items. He gets most of the proceeds from the sales proceeds. Interesting.
Hakeem Nicks doing the dirty bird to rub it on the Falcons faces.
keep your ex-internet boyfriend out of this !
Kate Winslet may be starring in SKYLIGHT with Bill Nighy, but it is unconfirmed whether the production would play the West End or Broadway.
Mass. tribe unveils details of casino plan
only girls who have low self esteem do that! don't fall for it :)
no! tired of em! just wear sum cute!
Vajay Jay z's greatest hits
Show tonight at Gilbert's Resort MM 107.9 Key Largo FL 7:30 pm !
Hot Brazilian people Drinking cold Mexican Beer!!!! That's what's happening!!
better not be seeing that without me, biznatch!
Still doing homework
A healthy dog or cat is no accident. It takes a commitment form you to provide your pet a healthy lifestyle & reg. Vet Care.
We are excited to announce the location of our new bookstore, Indy Reads Books. It will be located at 911 Mass Avenue...
Tweet dreams!
read thru for a feature that shoots in 2 weeks
#ICantRespectYouIf you DISRESPECT God
Thomas Dybdahl is amazing.
Man I'm tired and there still a lot of night left
only about 2 weeks left of school :D
Downtown Bellevue smells like the Nordstrom's fragrance section.
blake griffin and pistol pete
#15peopleilove we should start talking more :)
Need to know! Wednesday is National Grilled Cheese Sandwich Day. =0) Love this. Skillet? ready.
M just room my blankets out of the dryer and they're warm and smell so Nice!
It should be in the iTunes on the laptop at your place. Search for commix or fabriclive 44
#panerabread is open in manhattan!!!
We are looking for promoters for Friday nights at West End Johnnies. Get paid to party!
Congrats! Another #fertility patient (in her 40s) is #pregnant following the soon to be released Yes You Can Get Pregnant Diet.
In short, cooties.
Thanks for the follow! Happy Friday!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY THOMAS<333333
"Don't dance with Mary Jane or else you'll get ur toe stepped on" hahahaha! Love that 70s show
thanks to for having me on to talk data caps. no easy answers, but lots of worthwhile questions
RT from Iran IMPORTANT: only baseej militia and Etellaat following orders - they cannot contain country without army -
Damn it, you will NOT make me tie my credit cards and payments with my mobile phones. I refuse!!!
faithful 49er fan wishing u a speedy recovery
'Sideline reporting' takes on a whole new meaning when you're having to interview a jockey while both riding horses
It's Friday , hurray !!! NASCAR this weekend . Hell yeah
...thanks for following
Sure. I'll hold my breath.
Please read my latest post about the School Cave.
What's your favorite random thing to talk about? lol
If all else fails show them the movie American Pie, first one, pretty much covers it, it will have lots of pauses with ?'s.
Success speaks louder than words... Move in silence and let your actions do the talking...
Having a Posh dinner at Hapa Sushi in Cherry Creek North!
Love benchmarking news in other markets. Proud to see that ABC7 CLEARLY demonstrates excellence in market 1, NYC.
thanks! i will try it
I graciously accept that invitation and now, expectedly, will go listen to my favorite YouTube video of all time. Guess what it is.
The effectiveness of online college education cannot be unclear. The statistics divulge that these students perform way better in life
"Strength is a matter of a made up mind"... Decide and conquer :)
Yep, living our lives in public. Embrace it, but mind the store& keep track of your privacy settings
Superhero Movie night!!! #xmen #hulk now #ironman w the family!! Life is good :)
you're new album is perfect !
AND Divine Romance by Phil Wickham. #nowplaying. <3 Okay that was my last one. ☺
no problem
Every bar I've been to today has "Taco Tuesday" What's next? "Mexican Mondays" and "Wing Wednesdays?" Oh yeah. Why make a change??
You know your team is top class when the people your cutting are better than any teams starters will be missed
S/O to all my followers
when do you sleep? it seems like you tweet all day everyday
lol its like ms:P
GIVE ME SUPER BOWL TICKETS NOW
Pickles are cucumbers soakes in evil >:)
There are some things you learn that open you up to a lot of different possibilities—really changing/expanding your thinking early on.
I read the book #GameChange The movie covers only part of the book. The Clinton part of the book was pretty shocking
The High Five!
that's only part of happiness,to me.If u know where u can go,where life&god can/could have taken u,why be content with this?
JOSH JUST KILLED IT. DAMN
Wedding planning pow-wow. This is what my Friday nights have become.
1-year anniversary show tonight! NWSports tonight
nice! I'm actually trying to go to UMKC law
Vamp D Producer : "Ten more seconds to shave off the season finale and we're done. Its last ten minutes are pretty darn crazy."
One extra Big Pour early session ticket for sale for face ($65) DM me, meet outside the pour at 11:30. Please RT
just copped #controlsystem off iTunes thank you
Congrats on the film adaptation!
in end of November
Thanks for the follow! Looking forward to keeping up with the exciting thins happening at Social Syntax!
My dose of CST is tomorrow. Should I take a pillow?
the Church does not excommunicate gays or divorcees...get informed before making uneducated, bigoted misstatements
your mom is there when you are born
One day I was seeking God, and I found Him. But isn't it crazy that a God of infinite power longs to be with us?
Lots of good news today.
love heartbreak?
Who is the best rock artist of all time?
Can't use my words to explain.
I dont know anything about horse racing, but for a guy raised in Wisconsin & an alum of UW, I would be crazy not to pick "I'll Have Another"
Elvis just said it best - "the job ain't done til the graphics go on"
Kristen Stewart knows two facial expressions: neutral and super neutral
so I saw it today in imax
haha you know my tweet that said I hate you? (:
Chick Fillet bowl... Here come the Badgers!!!
I just went and saw the venue looks pretty cool right about meow in the town ball room.
Really fantastic digital humanities workshop at University of Houston today. I have to spend some time playing with ImageJ
LOL yes, yes you do
Something awesome happened.
#SaySomethin cause your driving me crazy<3
Robert Mondavi's widow Margrit is writing her memoirs and publisher promises full and frank revelations about her life with Robert Mondavi.
Looking for a Reference Librarian for a temp-to-hire position located in McLean, VA. Candidates with a MLS and a minimum of two years of l…
I'm watching :D
Heading over to Union Square to see if anything is going on for #MayDay yet. If I don't come back, I've probably been arrested.
Thanks for the follow and for all your hard with Actors Comedy Studio!
How did the weekend go?
Fear of failure in the eyes of the world is the single biggest obstacle to success in life
My table is so soft now that the other young whipper snapper busted. Still one pretty solid kid on my direct right. The rest #EZMoney !
So hungry.
I live 6 blocks away from her.
We just realized we reached 1000 fans ---- LIKE this status if you are one of them!
My right hand fina b nasty in a few months
We're spinning wheels of stardust giving birth to life...
Is it me or is Mac Miller a very attractive man?! ahah
Hey its Omer. GRAND FINALE at MYHOUSE Nightclub tonight. Want to come? Reply YES 4 list + details! Next Friday starts at MYSTUDIO
twitter is spamming -_- now h can't reply to my messages
why u wearin a blue rag in yo 1 picture like you gang bang?
Hi , thanks for being my 400 follower <3 big love to you from sweden ;)
We can't wait to show you our amazing stories about music education in Los Angeles. Stay tuned! We're going live next week!
Enjoyed with friends Saturday '00 Lynch Bages & '01 Gruaud Larose, both drinking perfectly now, great next to each other, Pauillac/St Julien
OMG: catching La Grange on the radio recently reminded me Frank Beard kicks tush at keeping solid, simple boogie-rock time.
do you already have your cabana booked or do you need help with that?
I dunno. I think it's pretty weak that famous ppl have 100k's followers but 0 follows. Just network theory in action I guess.
- The way I see it shid less friends less fuckn Drama.... Even more time to #FocusOnYoDamSelf!!!
no, I'm still waiting on beer!
I hope I never have to say this again but GO Packers!!!
Gamel looks like a fool w/all that chew in his mouth. Chipmunk!
OK, I've had my fill of drama here. Time to sleep.
SO much rain today and tonight. Hydrating the Earth on #earthday :)
884 million people lack access to clean
Our Support Team is available 24/7/365. Are you still in need of assistance? ^CS
Happy Halloween... Off to Miami :) Excited to see the DEN and DEPD crew.
RT “: "What you are speaks so loudly that I cannot hear what you say" -Emerson”
Remember to check out our new music video on YouTube!!
Taking the orange line to noho c:
will always be Alex Cash Money (:
thanks for sharing the knowledge!
Early n long day tomorrow
I get to be a hair model today for the blog!
I can, on occasion, be mean. However, this was definitely not one of those times.
Our pleasure.
Nate McMilian, Phil Jackson, Jeff Van Gundy
Good Morning #Tweethearts !
Omg, so am I. And it is indeed a much needed respite from the world.
Phone is about to die, Gnite y'all
Worst birthday weekend ever...
New driving license :-)
Actual life and death...I got over that
Just came back from a whole day of
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: In a custody battle, keeping a daily record of everything that affects the children is vital for your case.
Tomorrow Friday ( :
It's made worse by knowing that in the psych world there are no wounds to bandage, no microbes to battle with, only a broken, human mind.
can we get to 50 followers before the end of the month?
Thought I saw a bald eagle today, turned out to be a crow with a bagel around its head
Concert actually started already
Tweet about something other than my books? Like...uh, what?
if i dont see you next to my tree, in that suit tomorrow...i will cry<3
oh aight shyt ill just hit u later then crip
damn,you aint the only one that said that what being cuffed gotta do with it,
I love my weird life.
Oh iSwear The World Better Prepare For When iM A Billionaire (:
i woke up at 7:45 this morning. for normal people, this is like sleeping past 2. must have a clear conscience.
NBC continues to struggle. Excluding football, would be tied with Univision for 18-49 viewers according to NY Times
What was the first #W2P #SaaS (Software as a Service) solution? PagePath came out in 1998 with vDocs, relabeled as MyOrderDesk in 2000.
Football game, then spending my day watching the Ironman World Championships!
HA! RT : #FUNNY I love my computer because my friends live in it.
I check myself every day just to make sure this is the same person.
Haters Only Hate The Things That They Cant Get And The People They Cant Be.
If pixels were diamonds the internet would look really cool.
Come back come back come back to me like, you would you would if this was a movie..<3
i.hate.you. i need halloween NOWWW. =w= <333
Everyone's pickled by 10 pm. It's gonna be a good night
Remember once you find it email us @ the email on the card.
Michael Huff () comes out as the second #randomblackathlete to have had sex with 's wife
TX! RT Follow Moms making apps
yea it's raining here bummer weekend for fun in the sun
They cloak greed in legislation that they paid to create.
The trends today are wack
Nature does nothing uselessly.
ow my head hurts.
I love when it rains because those yellow and black sons of bitches don't exist sly dig at bees
Attack of the Giant Cats!
I don't do anything wrong I just got new friends. So don't act like this
I think Shane may have lost a finger
Its been a long and windy road but i have loved every min of it I couldn't have asked for a better 4 years. I love you Class of 2012
Great story! We should catch up some time.
i just realized i haven't used that photo yet and its a great photo.
Good Morning #Horde!
What is the default Zen command for Mac 10.7 Textmate? Command + e is an OS shortcut. How do you choose a diff shortcut in Zen?
After 8 years of shameless Bush neocon swagger, the GOP claiming that Obama is "spiking the ball" is laughable.
let's get a tree for out apt this weekend!!! we can decorate and listen to christmas music and cuddle with hot chocolate :)
Weird thing about my adventure. When I stick with it I lose weight. When I cheat, I don't. What's up with that?
Brit but can't stand beer; know my way around a wine glass only too well.
Sitting in the exact same spot at #BU medical campus HR orientation as I did 3.5 years ago.
same baby
LOL!!! You are so kind and considerate....#cheesecakeangel :)
okay ill answer!
: can you leave BOALP at the store today? I'll stalk Jenny for 's WILD, & I have CAT'S TABLE in Florida.
ha! Got Wilco cranking and finally moving! And we close early... Should be a good day
i'm just gonna spend my day watching hey arnold and snuggling with my cat ok.
I never thought i'll have my first relationship over a year this young but oh well Im happy its with her(:
Finding #balance somewhere between found drinks and the
I'm at so can get his free meal for Veteran's Day. It's packed!
Happy new year!!!!!!!!!!! Only 354 days until the end of the world... again...
Today I had a great time with Renee Morgan and the group with 5 Linx. Sarah joined today. I am grateful. Moving forward. Cynthia Harris
Ahh Spanish Grand Prix qualifying on the BBC. Excellent.
We takin off. No doubt we makin the dream a reality my brotha!
Wednesday ladies?
"Just slap your labia repeatedly for the duration of the song." -'s Choreographer
Wine tasting tomorrow after the Gibsons party......can't wait.
fucking hate my lit assignment
"Jonah if you dressed more like a guy blahblah..." excuse me? I'm wearing jeans and a tshirt idgi. smmfh.
En route to witness get his hardware!
and I text right back right?
Those in our generation = 1/3 of ALL the #LDSMissionaries who have served in this dispensation! Proud to have been one of them.
also worth noting, Bryan and the Aardvarks' debut CD, w/ Fabian, Bryan Copeland, Joe Nero, and someone on vibes
Thanks to , and for a great day today to promote Chevrolet Detroit Belle Isle Grand Prix.
tear it up Brad. #climbing out the hole
GOOD MORNING FRIEND'S=)GOOD DAY TO YOU!!!
have also enjoyed your tweets!
I know the feeling. Stormie goes away & comes in "hi mom, where's my pig (she has a stuffed 1 best friend) & lets go swim".
You know it's summer when you pass guys in their yard playing baseball with bats made out of beer cans duct taped together
Social networking is a little like selecting a tomato. Gotta squeeze a few before you find the perfect match.
I will try to tweet it later tonight I have to upload the video on my computer and convert the file in order to tweet it. :)
Dwight Yoakam playin 'Little Sister' @ Floore Country Store. Yeah!
RCA football game
I bet 8500 she rips 80k!!!! I snap she has kq off i hold gimme day 165k!
I'll avoid the icky details, but I think the culprit was something I ate. Hope I've turned the corner now.
I don't get to choose how long I will live. I get to choose what kind of lifestyle I will have and try to prolong my stay here.
THINKING BOUT IT
Loud packs
omg is back on my tl missed that guy.!(x
Stuff always breaks on days your trying to leave work early!
In Spanish when a weekend meets a holiday on Monday, that little vacation it is called "puente" (bridge)
“: I wonder where you got that middle finger from lol” lol you
I'm surprised they aren't giving more info. I'm headed to find out what's happening. Any idea where the ground activity is?
o sorry i meant to tweet and individual.....
Yet often, a metaphor is the most apt description. RT : DESCRIPTION IS MORE IMPORTANT THAN METAPHOR
good share -- lots of land mines with this sort of stuff
And you say what?..
#100thingsihate There is too much hate in the world!
trying to listen to Spanish lecture, answer the door for trick or treaters & make sure Molly the Giant doesn't kiss too many kids
i feel like my friends tell me so much, and i tell them nothing..
Missed the game but wow, Theodore back up to speed & it's about time. GO CATS!!!!
Burberry is a young, old company that attracted millennials through the digital differentiator.
I'm a huge fan of your NYT game previews. Can u throw me your email? I edit , and would like to write a profile
the lonely but productive nighttime office hours
#IWantToHave a boyfriend
Yea I agree with everyone, it sucks not having to shovel snow and use snow chains during Christmas
Just wished Twitter Happy Birthday on it's Facebook page.
That's our poison! RT : Drinking Lemon Cello?
what, you want to pull my tooth?
otherwise known as the "how to keep from getting blacklisted" session
yes, i ran & made it right b4 plane closes the gate. fortunately I can run, although I'm totally out of shape & out of breath ;-)
Got the driod incredible 2 today and its bad ass!!
your icon is my life, haha
Did You Know? Dry Smoke Residues - Result from fast burning fires at high temperatures.
i love your love !
was looking for you guys on Google+ but couldn't find you. What's your g+ URL?
Trump endorses Romney. What did Romney ever do to Trump?
WinAmp is now an Android app that aims to manage music between the smartphone and computer. Watch out, iTunes?
We live in an incredible time...
wow. RE: my friend's client drama. They tried to edit the non-imovie-compatible-footage in imovie...after being told it wouldn't work. SMH!
Late lunch on Mass Ave. Loving the Drunken Chicken & Maque Choux!
Gasparino on Fox denying $JPM trades were prop trades. Nothing to see poor saps. Quick look over here - Breaking: Car Chase!
I went to the hard rock last nite if you would saw the custom that I have. Last nite you would crack up so hard and look at me
I look forward to the short week. Besides thingstododc site for the weekend coming up, any other major sites for info for the coming wknd?
your welcome ;) <3
Was at wrk had fun whoo!!!!! Im glad God is makn way for me
Damn you mass effect!!! I'm just now going to bed!!
Usage note: The adjective "funky" may be applied to music and odors only.
I LIKE TURTLES
is that a new "lovey"? Poor steffi
please add a seattle tour! #Bring1DtoSeattle xx
Omg I just found a place that I want to go for my birthday!! It looks so fun!! :D
I need to talk to someone ... But I don't have their number ):
Some days you ride the tiger. Other days ...
can u please wish my friend kayla good travels on her move to hawaii?
#newhampshire is like high school. And, turns out is play @ Fury's not
Having a big Halloween party Saturday night sure wish I had a to use
agreed nice pick up, but he's not what he used to be.
How is that even possble??
Using PollEverywhere for cellphone polls in class
Follow me I follow back.
I hate when the bums at my job be acting like they having important conversations on the phone
Thank you! We're so excited!
Who is your favorite artist and what do they do? Post a link or image and earn good Karma for sharing the love!
#MyMomRocks Because she shows me all the right things to do
west side/hudson river trail that runs down manhattan! It's the bomb!
Is there EVER easy parking in Beverly Hills? Grrrr.
S/O to my new follower
is there an email address I can contact you at regarding movie quality music videos?
Hazards of playing Words with (Actual) Friends: they will all discover what they suspected all along: that you are a bit of an idiot.
interview! #loveher miss that concert. ❤
Have i not taught you anything. Walmart=Evil!
Tired of actors with music hobbies insisting they are serious musicians. I'm looking at you BillyDudeRobbins.
Had to buy halloween candy again, even though we've had no trick or treaters yet. I was talked out of giving Sriracha.
Nice. Good to see you calling Wurzelbacher exactly what he is. Hope he is foolish enough to come on your show.
hey everybody, remember Ross Perot? #DonaldTrump doesn't.
not yet
#ThingsToDoOnYourPeriod tease the hell out of the boo. Maybe a lap dance or bite the crotch of his pants. Lol
Shoot!! :) have a great afternoon/evening
Who liked the pictures from Jetblue Park?
Glad he sleep💤
Psst, you're an egg again!
to see u! Lol....no i havent decided yet
Hes got the next round but he always drinks for free. Theres one in every crowd its usually me
oh, I'd rather be a loser face than a giant beard face any day of the year! I think you got some birds in your beard! Beardo!
I have to get a reality check I just noticed I am never gunna go out with an iconic boy I am not wasting my live on them anymore
The Internet here is slower than hell. It's going to take over 30mins to download the update for my phone
Can you really evaluate a draft (whether it be NBA, NFL, MLB) until 3-4 years later?
internal bliss = Empty gym
ha no prob. im not stingy...i need smokin buddies...
Trying to break into a building, Rene cracks,"Doubt your dental floss will work here, Aimee." Great characters!
my mothers the reason I haven't gotten married, she bitches at me enough it makes me want to stay single just to not her anyone else bitch
any night at Kendall Pike's
Gasp!!! It won't be the same without you. Good luck with the move!!!
thanks for the follow!
Really??? That sucks!!! I like aptain Morgan's Spiced Rum in my egg nog :)
We definitely have to check that out.
RT if you put Austin's name in all the songs you sing about love <3
do you have a plan to come back in the philippInes?
Just got out the tub now about to lay down..
somebody didn't text me back today.
Now riffing on idea of free love as a sound, a "musicalized ideal" - realizes potential of pop music's unified flow
yessir still DJing! Learning to produce this summer!
Heading for the barn - last hand of the day flop 2 pair, guy goes all in I call, he sucks out - 300,000 chip pot! Playng Day 1b
LA Lakers v.s. NJ Shores 2nite! Farmar n sasha back in town!
I just want school to be over so I can go see the guys^-^
Hooray for pie!
Fuck H town and them ugly ass rims y'all so call swangers! Lol
living in a house is so much better than an apartment. the only thing that i miss is easier maintenance. lottery would fix that.
Thank ya thank ya!
Clemson taking it to Virginia! , the tigers need to finish really strong this year to make the tourney
what's good bro? Is the cinco de mayo event today a free event?
nothing to worry about here
Thanks!! I love you!!!
getting ready for the summer in Thailand! Want to learn about conservation? Get out there and see what's happening on the ground!
Do not overload extension cords, “power strips” and electrical outlets.
All these kids have a license to drive? B-town is effed up, yo.
Well I NEVER sit still!
Avoid processed fats such as found in most salad dressings and sweets
I look for them to loosen it up some this half.
Social Media is the new way to advertise your products and services so embrace it or jump out of the way!
When I grow up.. I wanna ride around in limos,I want to fill up the stadiums,I want 2 pound them in2 submission..I want to be a RockVillain!
you wish you could quit me.
shea is giving halvo the stink eye
First you take a Jumbo jack then you take two tacos, whaddya get ... a serious earworm, Oh Man!
hi jasmine! :)
Did a little night training.
second trip to Richmond, second time my luggage doesn't arrive. Seriously?
Of course Olsen wouldn't care about the schools in his district. There aren't any good talking points about those.
thanks for your leadership and suggestions. Your hopeful witness was very inspiring.
The fact Justin had a beer before doesn't bother me. I'm so used to it because The Wanted are big partiers.
I don't want to fail. :)
Totally! I think I'll end up switching back and forth between FF4 & Chrome a lot. What's your fave browser?
Why is Chidi taking her sweet time to open this door.
thanks hay did you find out if the 15th is.cool for the movie?
Now I'm hungry. MT Tonight: Jerk Baby Back Ribs, jicima slaw, potato salad; seared duck w/ fruit couscous; sausage penne bake
Just finished d of e - oww my feet
At the Villa Merced Valentine's Event.
just heard Sidney Crosby was finally cleared for full contact, Congrats Sid, you're one step closer to being back
Great piece tonight on All Access at 10:35 on (ch4) w about &
haha. noo. your taking my last tweet wrong. I thought it was funny how y'all already knew he was about to start something. 😂
It's amazing how my simple smile can hide all of my confusing questions,.
Police: Junior Seau found dead at California home
shit idc he can bring some dayum chinesse food for all care shoot he not gonna get far imma be like this my girl bruh!
All i care about is money and the city i wish i was from.
I'm scaring people because I'm so angry.
Gah so early. Well good morning anyway! Hope you all have a great day!
Holy shit you guys, I feel SO HAPPY right now. It's weird, and awesome.
I wanna be FOREVER YOUNG!!
yellow is looking pretty bad... I'd say that they got the week off
LETS GO LAKERS! about to go off.
Yes! I think that Kate's gap is from 2:30 for an hour? I can even be there a few minutes early and put in the order so it's ready.
Swayze's dead, Jennifer Grey's like 90 years old, and they've 'remade' Dirty Dancing dozens of times since, anyway!
I like zippers… Just don't chip your tooth on one.
So.... all the derby horses who don't win are destined for jerky and glue, am I right? I didn't see seabiscuit, so just assuming.
You'll never be happy pretending to be what others want you to be (on Twitter or off).
Got my nails done. Ah feels good to be a girl! So relaxing.
By the way, you may spot some Symbolicons in our overview video...
if you are open to everything around you, the ideas will come: | On keeping momentum
I think I'll just be sappy and sit here listening to three Norah Jones' songs on repeat and star at this book, and hope I retain something.
Nothing like a mid-day workout w .. Couple of sets, a whole lot of chit-chat
Obama Gets Sneaky and Sigs Executive Order To BAN DRIVING and TEXTING as of NOW. It is now illegal to text and drive a car in United States
thanks for the article. very helpful info.
Because of one person. And we had to move so far an guess what? I never get to see brad or tanner anymore so fuck you all of u. Why would
Chili in the crock-pot. Smelling good already! Gonna be a cozy Kessler evening!
sorry for the delay, I was busy. I'll visit to Chicago when I do.
RT : Glass of wine and a bubble bath. Don't knock it till you've tried it.
well you cant expect me to remember everything!
Hi Nancy, can u DM me please, I have a question pertaining to a PA position. Thank You :)
If you drive by us you'll hear Sinatra, on loud. It's a day that calls for Frank. Closing. Back tomorrow at 11am.
awesome! i bet you're excited about that! i know i was :) not too much here, just working on a new ep
Line for starbucks is out the door.
Congratulations Old Dominion University for making the big dance!
need more follows? Try the site on my page for social promo. it's FREE! Take a minute to see the site. :)
She act like she's super tough; but never had a fight
Remembering today. Thanks to all the first responders and soldiers who fight to keep us safe.
#BOYFRIEND IS AMAZING OMBBBBBBB!!!!! AH I HAVE IT FOREVER ON REPLAY! <3
I wish I felt okay.
trying…keep trying. Things are good getting clients this month and bringing Graffiti to the public
Not sure the context here, but what a powerful, inspiring thought. RT : Hugs for everyone
Supercool ! Happy belated Mother's Day !
This shirt I have on is too big smh lol. I remember when it fit perfectly.
Too bad you're on vaca? Bahaha. Enjoy that - plenty of city left for you next week!
I'm working sister! #Grassroots!
Just got home from a PTA meeting and saw the results of the NC vote. Sad that discrimination won tonight. Love to all affected.
Tell EVERYONE you know to listen to Pastor/Messianic Rabbi & Author of the National Best Seller, The Harbinger, WORLDWIDE Today 11am-12noon
No PvP Mode in Diablo 3 at Launch, Says Blizzard.....am I the ONLY one that can give a shit less about this?
you didn't hear :o he has a seperated shoulder
Oh-la-la. Yum. I'm presently drinking some Pinot Grigio
*talking about Stiles* Mr. Martin: "He's been there all night?" Melissa McCall: "He's been there all weekend." #teenwolfseason2 Aww! <33
You answered my question before I could ask it!: How do people know the connection between web & on-site visitors?...
I ran out of characters!
shut up
If you think it will be fun, it probably will be! Life is what you make it!
where else do you advertise your beats besides twitter?
Do they have Kosher food on Bloomington?
i went to high school with glasper! what a small world :)
Does anyone have any knowledge regarding the former Open Philanthropy Exchange initiative to launch a philanthropy-focused XML language?
Ugh, fuck school and waking up early.
That Keche && Andrea Fight Doe'
Brothel sisters on the loose
If driving in #Bellevue today, be careful of icy road conditions
Working on my application. Made sure to include "I want to explore the intersection of. . ."
Drink your puberty away, basically. 🍸!
Hey! It's International Fanny Pack Day! Let's rock this!!!
Jus wakin up, bout to get ready for work. Still feel like crap
great seeing you to.
Beautiful day to get out! Proud media partner of The San Diego Latino Film Festival which opens tonight.
I want an Arduino lilypad based sensor gauntlet now
Oh that is quite tempting....
Tomorrow is our first photo shoot! Can't wait for some super creative shots! Stay tuned!
yeah I'm fine. Thanks! Tell your mom I said Happy Moher's Day :)
Similar pointers for new indie game studios? Anybody? Anybody? Anybody? *in the tone of "Bueller... Bueller... Bueller..."*
Is it weird that I like reading about serial killers? Doing research for my next novel.
That is an adorable profile pic. I am being serious...it really is.
hope you got an A parking pass, which by the way isn't a permit so much as a license to hunt for a parking spot! Where is your office?
hahah your right ! But sleeping sounds so good right now.
Applying the final touches for #exciting ARE YOU READY?!?!?!?
Chinese and movie night
You still in Australia? I always have found that I react to news from home with more passion when I'm away. Love/hate.
Up early and I have no idea why 💤💤💤
Defeat the Wheat! No upcharge on any #GlutenFree menu items, and 2-4-1 bottles of 's New Grist beer. M... good!
Chillen, drinking and partying it up with the bff Leo & other peeps!
i know. I was just messing with u lol. Have a goodnight.
Calculus? Not happening. I need my schedule changed NOW
I know that's right! We can be just as strong alone chica!
Got my Brew Crew and the Zoo tix tonight!
Matt Weiters hands down
great to meet you at Rethink, thanks for the direction on the © issue
RT : "Lickety-split", when you think about it, is kind of a gross expression.
": While I appreciate the shoutout i'm actually at the department of the interior" MY MISTAKE!
You should try on #linux. We're still on 2.2 beta and that locks up daily.
I didn't leave u idk why u say that once a month maybe u left me.. Idk what I did but okay
As a Mass Comm major, I really appreciated your post. I think my degree is so versatile, and gives me multiple career options!
Grab those fumbles Pats!!!
I actually am getting kinda excited about my schedule for next term, not starting class until 10:30 on M,W,F and 9:40 on T,Thur
Aren't those stamps amazing!?! Who would you want to see on stamps commemorating US fashion?
obsessed with Never Stop -
I feel like walking death.
Wow, there is a twitter board at the New Grad Orientation! Hi everyone!
there's a booger on your face in that commercial. gross.
Your move, New York
Great conversation today, Kids all over MN benefit from touring shows.Truly,it is worth your many windshield days.
Thanks Jade! RT : when I read ur tweets I can hear ur voice!! lol (:
I will do
“: #NationalSiblingDay love my bro and my sis ” Love y'all too!!!!
Im finally at the BlackBox thing, where the hell are you?!
#top5songsofalltimeforme chasing cars- snow patrol
who said dat??
Huge #Bucks loss, incredibly disappointed
S/O to Ally she a bad chick!
<25 LOL that doesn't make a heart but yeah :)
.Betty (my car) is going through her cycles and decided to overheat on the beloved 405. Let's see what surprise she has waiting for me next.
I'm seeing The Trend of Trending at #sxsw - curation, aggregation are the same; you can win by watching trends, getting ahead of wave
I'm 20 min into Up in the Air and my first thought is: I love every actor in this movie
Crazy Friday college football. Great game
So you know that you works with geeks when… you see a dude leave the restroom stall with a tablet. Guess newsprint is officially dead
aye but father's day can kiss my #BallCleavage though. if we being real
. Something's been brought into my office I need to deal with. I'll call before I head home.
yeah he's so cute...<3
already making excuses. typical tar heel
Congrats. What does she do? Http://diamondstisilver.com
Thank Edwin 4 the #ff! have a good weekend
The awkward moment when the guy on the video ur watching says fuck, your mom hears, and then she says shame on you but you cant help but ...
Never tried Parallels or Bootcamp. Others have and they claim #Storyline works just fine. I like VM for swapping files...
Idk why I go out of my way for you.
It is clearly evident than some people NEVER change!
Pirates are cursed.. First Barry Braun gets over...then Burnett breaks his face. What next?
- ready for Karaoke in your home for a fraction of the cost?
1 more follwer to 600. Come on help me get there. I could use some help for my partner in crime
Ghetto burgers for dinner i do it! Lol
Omnipotence vs. omniscience. Discuss.
I fight like Jason Stathem...so don't mess with me
It aint nun but a booboo to a BooBoo ;)
just google them + you have the yellow packet you got:p
I'm not sure how many people are going.
can i be yours forever?
#McNulty to #LPR2011 - repeal of collective bargaining for state employees will die in CO senate due to partisanship.
not doing anything that awesome! Lol. Stuck at work. I know. We're never on here. Usually on Facebook.
hey justin i loved your wax twin he is hott just like u the muesum did a awesome job on your twin !! love u have fun on tour
I'm so lost right now
- Hello durrrr. :P
Condolences to you and your family from all of your friends at Fox 5 in Las Vegas.
First day back and everyone is getting fratastic
I'm Clean & Dope Like Heroin Soap
Came 2nd place in a competition against school orchestras n bands across the country
All my music is digitized, but I feel robbed when the digital album costs as much as the CD. I'll buy the CD every time.
Only three hours left at work. Maybe I can do this
To live through something so traumatic and then then die so young. So tragic so sad
How dare you joke about Selena! RT : Selena Is Pregnant?!? Has to be a joke!
his ahh got cleared
Come check out surrender tonight! It's going to be awesome... Only
I just realized I have a class in the golden panther arena... The basketball stadium has classrooms in it??
go with the pot pie, just a suggestion... tryin to help
Evelyn a real bitch. Lol she said let me tell you what's different from me than most bitches. put her ass in check. 👏👏
(In fact, you could substitute her dad for mom, ex-wife, ex-husband, ex-girlfriend, ex-boyfriend, any relative, friend or co-worker
hearing about the stuff you said/did when you were fucked up> lol
Haha! Thats a way to do it! Did you see any famous people? :)
I've been watching lots of 9-11 documentaries this past week. So many sad stories and wonderful stories of heroism.
when you're coming back to ATL ? Missed you last time !! xx
U-G-L-Y you aint got no alibi
If I can be of any help.... Let me know. If not... I gotta go!!!
Tho you mocked your wife for wanting to rent it, you laughed harder than you have in a while. So don't knock the animated panda.
Hates when peeps call me a "litter bug" but have no problem leaving their litter in my car! Hmmmp
does brandon wood have a shot at making the roster? Haven't seen him mentioned in your updates the last couple of days.
No HS diploma + getting a GED = JUCO for any college prospect. Prep school is a waste
yo as muscles. ;p lmao and no, not awesome. >.<
What's on your workout playlist right now?
is the best person ever. She is so nice and I admire her
San Diego, California Weather :: 68F PARTLY CLOUDY: 68F PARTLY CLOUDY
I'll be waiting for you! You gotta catch me up on life at BG
just how horny bro
when girls try to wear boy clothes <<<<<
Thanks for the RT!
I dont know what i will do without her
thanks for the RT today!
I'll be spectating as & (her first 26.2!) run. Can't wait.
Shameless went there tonight...shocking!
We have some Blackhawks shirts in our "Blackhawks" section! enjoy
Feeling sick on Saturdays should be illegal... But then I'd be in jail... Never mind.
I didn't go to bed. Figured I'd come into work at 6am.
Hello Salim! Click on the link next to the #idiom to learn when to use it.
I'm up now.
so are you going to the drake concert?
Nope. Apparently NY (& the whole US for that matter) are more concerned w/ Frozen Strawberry Lemonade. priorities people...
Hopefully the West Hollywood Clippers lose by more than 30.
I'm so mad that I can't go to deedy party ;/ Fml !!!!!
what about Rusty Shackleford from King of the Hill?
see all of your interviews, stage shows, buy your Cd's. I can't describe.. that I ADORE YOU. A LOt.
Oh, those pajama makers! One of them is apparently 83 years old and sounds like a McKenzie brother. Teens...
Angry Birds theme park confirms the Apple iPhone effect - Computerworld (blog)
What do you get if you cross a constable with a computer?PC Plod.
the heart tells the truth even when the mind disagrees....ugh depress fareal...
Somebody should distract me so I have a bad reason not to do last minute weekend homework.
Therapy Solutions of Aiken, SC will soon offer PESL accent modification.
when are you back on tv?!
Glad I could be part of your century club.
ima go swimming tomorrow
My sisters birthday is this week. This is my note to self.
haha. Where are we running to?
Today is the opening of People's Biennial @ SECCA. Opening from 2-5 pm. Food, music and great art. FREE admission. www.secca.org
I'm feeling UFL, XFL, AFL,etc. with the way that jersey looks.
Ingersoll Rand Launches Trane Residential Solutions to Bring Social Technology ... - Business Wire India (press release)
Q2 Our library is ugly as sin but we have art up from local artists and pretty displays. We do the best we can to make it look nice
The best color in the whole world is the one that looks good on you. ~Coco Chanel (Need help? Email me.)
until he gets cut
BtoBSocialMedia: 46 million Americans check their social media profiles daily (Edison Research)
I love starbursts in my mouth!
With the 24th pick of the 2012 NFL Draft, the Sixburgh Steelers select...
burned 584 calories doing 39 minutes of "Insanity"
omg what did i get myself into
Trying to reach someone at Sales in your office but no one answers the phone. What's the best way to talk to a person?
To be fair, I just stood next to her at a cocktail party. But I will nevertheless accept your envy.
umm where did u go? Lol
but im not one of those wild crazy chicks, that just a nightime hobby. i get sober very quickly
VERY soon! :)
Christopher Plummer wearing navy velvet #FTW!
I am great... Just disconnected a bit for a while. Getting back into the swing of things now. How are you?
RT : FOLLOW & ANOTHER #MUSICGENIUS FROM OUR ANOTHER PLANET
Too bad they're gonna lose on Thursday #GoBadgers!!!
. Ha! That's hysterical! But...wait, that's disgusting. Guess if someone would do that, they'd do it anonymously.
Nice, I wish! No, am training for the Covered Bridges Half Marathon in VT in June. Have not yet done an Ironman
Nah. Not at all :)
Everyone who follows me follow my brother
hi Cindy, how goes it? Watcha doin for Derby Day?
I can almost see Cuba from here
Producing is a lot of work but I think I like it!
2 hours in the car and all my parents have talked about is political shit. #pleaseshutup x.x
send some back i better u get better response lol
I don't care if you like me ! I'm not a Facebook status !!
hell yeah
I wonder am I demanding, I wonder if am ..... what I am
cool! RT : Gail I just visited your site. I have an idea to bounce off of you. I'll send a DM. (not related to NYC)
When are you guys going to swing by ?
man i love kefir, such a great health food item esp. the goat milk version. LOVES kefir.
Saw Facebook posting on the death of Olympic diver, Mark Lenzi. Someone "Liked" it. Better to take the time to comment?
lol thats funny 😜 Cause I think he's SEXY!
I think u know who I'm taking about lol. Just save that for a rainy day when they are talking big stuff
Holy shit stains, Soto made a perfect throw.
THAT was a fun weekend!! NYC is just awesome, and I also have two very great friends from there :)
lol people these days
Heart FOR SALE! Only been broken few times. Still in good condition. Maybe.
Happy Saturday, loves! , , , , , Thank you for the follow!
For Valentine's Day, I would like a bouquet of one dozen fried chicken drumsticks, complete with ribbon and baby's breath.
I'm might not get wifi there but I'm going I hotta go get my little brother anyways. I'm SO mad you don't understand
Willie so silly (:
Love it!! We absolutely do custom orders for any theme you may have! Just call us at 883.0670 and place your order!
The NFL draft is just like ceramics class, if you want to build something special, you need Morr Clai
you should get a massage!
I'm really curious as to what inspired you to do so. xD
The band will be on the show tomorrow and will perform "Preacher's Son" and "Tithonus" from their upcoming album!
(This is , by the way.)
The planetarium AND casa del pueblo in the same day?
Boredom. Who's up
I JUST CANT WAIT UNTIL #SaySomething COMES TO ITUNES! I WILL BUY IT AND LISTEN TO IT EVERYDAY! <3
Embarrassing what just happened at the end of Cincy-Xavier game... We need to clean our sport up! In the news for too many negative things..
ice cream sundae bar??? Where is my desk in this office???
Baby you, you got what I need..
Pregnant Because Of Jerry. yolo
Need a mother's day gift? Get the house cleaned! And use
Playing manhunt
I hate it when my best friend / roomie cries 😢
Scum life the only life for me
": tweet. "what are you doing up so late missy?
Good morning! Off to deal with a crisis first thing this a.m. The day will get better.
Yes. I listen to mine this way all the time. Assuming the model supports text to speech, headphones will work.
Tell her I said happy birthday!
nice blog post for a Monday Morning. Not just whether, but how, to lighten up.
Fuck this train. (I feel like I'm back in San Marcos)
“Teaching is only demonstrating that it is possible. Learning is making it possible for yourself.”
Awesome! Let me know if you need anything.
Haha! I QUIT!
Two phils tickets available section 139 row 18. hit me up if interested
love you nicki !!!
sounds strangely delicious....bet it works
Radek! Dude, honestly. I miss and love you.
Huge congratulations to my close friend for being named an STAA College Broadcasting All-American, 4th in the Nation
#bitcheswhowontdateme the only women barber in the shop I get my cut
Bus back to Boston 🚌
yep, one can only hope.
Feel like I learned something from that survey.
indeed. Lady approved!
RT : -__- I didn't miss you, I was concerned about your absences!
Truth. They did beat Cincy earlier this season...when Fab was out. So there's that.
it's due Wednesday
what it do bro??
yea girl to virginia beach!
“: Time for an espresso, I think...”. Sounds good! Coffee isn't working today.
I hope you do too. I love you.
For sure. What do you have in mind?
#Miami breakfast. Sergio's with with my favorite Chicago girl
Good morning Sorry I missed you last night. Too busy enjoying my neighbor free world.
me too!
#ThingsNotToSayOnTheFirstDate i hope you know i aint buying you shit
Yesterday's quote was the first line of "Feed" by M.T. Anderson.
For LGBT it's better late than never. It's not about President or political party it's about the humanity of LGBT
LOL “: "Splish Splash" is probably the best song ever written about a guy taking a bath being ambushed by a dance party.”
Mehhh got home from work and the house was empty :(
thank you for the follow! Much appreciated.
Nice win for the White Sox. I am so glad Ozzie is wearing a different uniform. I liked him as a player, but he had to go as skipper.
I listened to your Liberate session today and bawled my eyes out at work so, thank you. (No but seriously, thank you!)
Amen in the name god!!....i found me a church :D OwnsMyHeart:)
What do you think of the various p90x nutrition plans?
What's a bounty hunter?!
#dtc with Angela, anyone down??
Congrats Rick Hendrick on 200 wins!
thanks for the follow, hope you'll check out our site and join our mailing list!
cleaning and laundry today.
Wow, our iPad 2 giveaway is going crazy - hurry if you haven't entered yet cause time is running out
nabbed the 1st win 108-92. 15th consecutive win. Free Valero coffee tomorrow. Yep, it's a good night.
When time and things feel like they're moving in a forward motion, it's always a good feeling!
Habitat 4 Humanity Meeting this Wednesday in the Admin Room 304 @ 5pm RT now!!!!!
What do you think the right NURSE to PATIENT ratio is? if you were sick, how many other patients do you want to share your nurse with?
But enough about foreign policy. Let's talk about Rush.
oh, didn't realize boxing had changed, since i don't follow it. did it change because of health concerns?
No man goes before his time / unless the boss leaves early. ~ Groucho Marx
Thank you. It will be that time soon enough. I don't know if wine would lead to stricter or more lenient assessment. . .
Great night at #ExactTarget holiday party....love
Question to Romney: how did the last time a mormon ran for president go?
Mia is definitely the best dancer of all time #DanceMomsMiami rules because of the Queen of Dance
follow back :)
i have a job interview @ taco bell wed @ 230 yea for me
not everyone is as lucky as you James.
Wait a second, this isn't the line for "Avatar" ...
I just watched video 3 pretty cool did you give away your coveted spot at the Academy yet?
your back! We love you Keith!
I'll be in San Diego with some awesome people. I don't need much else to be happy =)
m onions. You making us breakfast Daddy-o?
. Seriously... #wiunion has #wirecall in 3 weeks and no $$ help from you? My 2012 $$ goes only to WI Dems
Just heard from that their Practicum film was a huge hit at a fundraising event. We are so happy to hear this!
been c00lin' all day...gotta enjoy the rain
#rippedjeans = new shorts! :P
Just tried The Ugly Goat Company's goat milk fudge at
ordered my business cards today!
"Goodness gracious the papers..." RT ": Where da stash at"
Tomorrow me and clifforddickson(photographer) will be covering an interview with Commisioner Bruno at the garden
At Starbucks :)
hey gorgeous! You know I'm way sexier than aaron Rodgers right?! ;)
what a punk!
On the #SteveDeaceShow in 20 minutes. Tune in!
he only has about 5k fans worldwide. I can handle it haha. Honestly tho why don't they fight Pirog or Golovkin?
this must my mom black cause she says this all the time. Haha.
I needed a good laugh tonight. Thank you.
$250 fee for drinking at the cheap jesusfreak hotel im staying at in pompano. i thought Jesus' blood was wine these days
Manifest plainness, Embrace simplicity, Reduce selfishness, Have few desires.
Watching Hell's Kitchen...Why is this show so addicting to watch. ;)
NEW BLOG POST: In Defense of Awkwardness. I hate being awkward, uncomfortable, or unsure. And yet, I'm defending it...
I seem to twitter at airports alot...hm...sitting at Logan in Amsterdam afterglow and 90th birthday bliss...m life is good!
Buffet =) happy 311 day
I am TOTALLY making it out to that. Yes indeed. Thanks!
great job by at debate!
Most artists do not have a brand because they focus on blending in instead of standing out.
Back In The Stew Like Green Chili And Potatoes ........
Quote of tha year. "I dnt care if my momma was on the court. I'd hit her 2." - Chris paul- Lmao.
But you gotta look at my pass bruh
Oh hahaa :P And omg okay so today I went to the mall to buy polo's for school. And the cashiers name was Yuri M. And I was like
We've had to make a lot of judgment calls in this arena, but Comus does have its own LCNAF. (1/2)
Long story short, we aren't getting the condo :( FHA loan complications. Totally bummed
:D RT : Celebrating Bono's birthday by alternating between pretentiousness and genuine good deeds.
RT : #SBS2012 getting underway with opening remarks by and Great set of attendees
That awkward little dance your thumbs do when you don’t know how to reply to someones text…
I think you put on your unlucky pants. Take em off.
People come in out of your LIFE for a reason!!!
PLEASE FOLLOW ME !!! WOULD MEAN SO MUCH! <3 3
having one of those "throw in the towel on the homeschooling kinda days.". and haul them all back to public school.
my 71 year old Dad: why is the dishwasher totally empty except for... Oh HOLY [expletive deleted] ... WHERE IS JESSICA?
Head on over to for their benefit for Haiti. Great food and drink. $50 donation matched by MK!
Lehrer: Honest mistakes in journalism are OK. Political mistakes are not.
": Caught up on ur ex still? I can get you past it."
That is an excellent book indeed!
much better than the Blazing Saddles
still on?
Get #Trueblood V at vblood.com
The best way to prepare for LIFE is to begin to LIVE
Im so shambly today
I am FEARLESS. I am making hokey pokey with honey, and I ain't skeered neither.
I've been over you for a long time. You know I don't have the best confidence. So why do you constantly tear me down?
I'm ready to throw on my tims and triple goose, lol. Ny it out!
4 and half hours of driving makes you so tired.
lucky you didnt get slapped.
well okay...I texted you that....
At night I run up the stairs in my house really fast because I think there is someone behind me.
you can still do it. It's very easy google launch your own radio
M! sounds yummy! I'd like those soon.
Last night was the first time "ass juice" was ever used, at a business dinner, by a manager to describe the taste of his wine. #
Make Fit2Go your Valentine! We’d love to have a long-term relationship with you, so sign-up for auto-renew!...
Learned how to disco dance whilst eating pizza today.
miss you to girl.
- hello eyeemgoph - if you can send locations / intersections that still have my signs - I will be more than happy to remove them!
In the morning: thesis defense. Now: "Duane Barry" (X-Files s2e5).
Be thankful for what the Moms do today they are not perfect and life without them would be so hard...
"Integrity without knowledge is weak and useless, and knowledge without integrity is dangerous and dreadful."
D-E-Z a street nigga, betta check the resume/ I ain't pay my dues,now thats sumn they could never say
Passed near tonight. That guy's all right.
So...my other account is broken for a bit it seems. If you wanna chat, write me here.
#nwill2011 Tips to start: pick low-hanging fruit. Match tool to desired outcome. Don't feel like everything has to be interactive. Plan!
RT : If you had to move to a state besides the one you currently live in, where would you move? >No where but Texas!!!
All servers are operational. Please follow and DM your acct info so that we can look into this. ^CB
Rehearsal in Times Square today. Hoping the snow/ice let me make it home tomorrow.
The 3 Ms: Meaningful, Memorable, and Motivational. via Michael Allen
comcast has 50mbit service available now ($100/month), and announced 150mbit by the end of the year. *drool*
Finance class = struggle bus
Ha! That little whippersnapper needs to shut his mouth!
omg forever jealous of you!! Lucky:)
Simpsons just phone it in these days.
Happy with are progress as a team; everyone #YouKnowWhoYouAre #ATE-ERA ETC
Ready to discuss 's FLATSCREEN at 's book club tonight. Just a head's up, I do not take criticism well.
84-page packet for tonight's Board Meeting. Thinking it could be a late night.
Just found out that a very popular blogger is opening an Etsy shop with almost the exact same name as mine at almost the exact same time.
Today was the best it felt all year... Hopefully tomarrow will be the same...
I like it.
"Come with me by yourselves to a quiet place and get some rest." - Jesus Mark 6:31 NIV
I once met a fellow named Charlie he then proceeded to hand me a door knob and said the forest is far. He then walked away.
Pacers are gonna win this series
thank you so much dear, for the call. I really appreciated it :)
n yo ass still anit call me it's koo... I'm jus bout 1 smoke n go 2 bed
TED eXcel - Presenters use spreadsheets instead of Prezi or Powerpoint.
oh don't worry, I'll make you one too!!
I feel like hell this morning, did I suddenly get sick while sleeping?
morning sex is the shit
Gonna go download my fav band #falloutboy holler
Checkout Our New Movie Website at: www.withoutafatherthemovie.com
Paint party? Didn't no point cud go in places like this
I stayed up too late now im hungry again.
excuse me everyone you are beautiful just wanted t say that cause im feelin great yup nough said peace to the middle east :)
now THAT is an interview I'll be waiting for with bated breath!
What the fuck you want ?
so u can make a video
I'll be stealing that quote.
I need to tweet more, so I'm going to try.
i got and Choooch
I went to slee so early its not even funny . Now I'll never go back to sleep
Hey everybody! Please tell all of your friends to come and follow me! 10 days until my release, spread the word!!!
hey big brother ALMIGHTEE, its me your friendly neighborhood Massage Therapist : )
Food is an important part of a balanced diet.
I spend all day thinking about that
how the failure of American leadership to build a positive strategic vision for this country will end?
Thanks! Happy Monday!
I'm here super early and surprised there's a really long line...
« #Capricorn: I have a crazy side beneath my cool exterior.»
Another early morning for and ! Headed to Manhattan today.
Annddd Jessica Sanchez just shut it down.
Zimmerman and Kony need to fight till the death.
Possible invite to do so? RT : looking forward to you coming back to
If you are in Wicker Park, head down to for their $6 cocktail night!
Failed my driving test. But the lady said i did really well! What the heck?! Re-take tomorrow..
Can anyone tell me if anyone met one direction at btr's meet and greet?
how was Vegas man?
Especially Spring things RT Don't forget to notice things
I can't say it any better my guy. How is that Chicago life treating ya?
Someday, someone will walk into your life and make you realize why it never worked out with anyone else.
Teacher lets me out an hour early to get ready for the Tyga concert. Ill bring a bag of apples on tuesday
what are your plans??
Dearest #NewYorkCity, it's so grand to see you once again.
oof RT Oh dear. W/review book today: a package of M&Ms, specially printed. "Review me!" they say. I feel guilty as I crunch.
from boyfriend love to buddy love <3
Lol thanks :)) RT hey Crystal. happy belated Mothers day lol. aint have yo # to tell ya :(
As a Jew it really amazes me how many people cant read an entire book yet have the chutzpah to quote parts. Eye for eye doesnt apply today.
RT : Volume, Velocity, Variety, Veracity, Viralness, Viscosity
GET ON SOMEWHERE BESTFRIEND ITS ONLY ME AND + GOT HER LEGS ON MA LEGS -__- I NEED MYSPACE
"But they weren't running for office for Pete's sake!" Mitt would say ...
#UShouldnt Wear Open Shoes With Bad Feet, That's A No No.... Lol
I ❤ you guys too!!
do you happen to have a safety pin in the office I can borrow?
ESPRESSO BUZZ WE!!!!!!!
RED hairs, WHITE crystals, and BLUE Berry's we are so patriotic!!! Come on in and see us!! :D
I bet John Boehner cries DURING sex. God, what a turnoff.
My mom driving my car right now....
Samia, You're amazing, woman. I love you :) Follow me. Nina
MORE SHARPIE!
go ride the go-karts at coney island
you know when you have a bad feeling about a customer... and then you're right. ugh
Right Like You Cant Find Another Tweet Like That! My Tweet Dominates! xD
30 min. song, never heard of ...
when you know your worth & what you deserve, you won't tolerate disrespect or bs from ANYBODY.
International Women's Day!
C'mon Power fans! Every game counts! WE have a playoff birth to snatch!
I love spirited away, but I've been geekin' out and watching like naruto and stuff.
writing group was so much fun tonight! can't wait to read more of your amazing book :)
Love pie! For flaky crust, go with COLD coconut oil. Perfection.
you still looked hott ^.^
Yes and no. Those are our companies, but we did not organize it - hence why I didn't think of it. But we will be there!
Have a goal of avoiding backing out accidents. Take care to get out of your vehicle and look around if you are unsure.
I don't know. Going to look at things again in the morning. Continental's website isn't showing any flights until Wed., so maybe
Infantino Union Ergonomic Carrier, Gray | Baby Backpack Seats
bahahaha especially on Fremont!
Loved seeing so many Mom's with their kids in the city today! Made me 'Miss' Sally!
unless help intl (me, not you) liked it! Haha! Probably not though.
May is about to be a good ass month ...the semester ends, cinco de mayo, i graduate from college, and race weekend
That first kiss would have made me run down the aisle screaming... YUCK! He attacked her face.
Thing #2..In Finale A, That part came up that's crazy, A certain somebody totally butchered it and you had to cover!! lol
#textmeif your still up and have my number.
buttery nipples
Wow Rangers, good job! Way to pitch Holland!
The "Arts-Wired" school/community concept. To give basic skills/concepts as a utility.
4/13/1794->D. Stuart: The growth of the land is more valuable than the land itself; to protect it therefore is important.
thank you sweetheart!!
you too :)
TRY OUR NEW MENU
My wife and I really love your show. And I love it when you guest judge on other shows (Top Chef)
I love !! Wish we had one close around here, but alas...
Inspiring times w + yesterday. Up next for us is next Fri 5/11 at in #somerville!
thanks for the follow Melissa! Cheers!
Aesop Rock - Daylight
I completely agree! I love that song!
swagg ! don't let anyone hold you down ;-)
ran out the class screaming "RAAAPPPEEEE"
Volbeat/The Damned Things concert tonight!!!!!
I've been having the same problem. I picked allergy based on the additional symptom of itchy eyes. Thank god for
Follow Me Please did not and it is very sad :D
hey hun I received your voice. No worries just hit me up when your ready. You know ill make time for you =)
Looks like the show tonight has been cancelled. Sorry, everyone. We're working on a make-up date, so hang tight!
11:33 pm is a bad time to have homework to do. good thing it's 11:35
i hate long winded people
RT had my music on in my room pretty loud, Rawwrr - BMTH came on, and that wonam like half way through screamed my hou...
Gotta get my own place ASAP! I'm tellin u smh...that's my goal for 2012!
yes a man can dance and not look gay.
Also says to love and not to judge. Just pray for him and his family, Matt.
would love to work with you! :) let me know if you ever need a model\actress :)
These foo's suck at 2k
Almost time for school dismissal :) then one more day!!!
FOLLOW ME PLEASE!!! you probably wont but its worth the try!
yo when are u getting that ps3 and madden 12? I need some competition...
In exactly one week from today, I'll b in Miami! I can't wait! :)
Amen Dave! #The Grammys
If you're going to wear socks with sandals, your socks should probably be clean.
New blog on the way.... Don't forget to call us ! 5866630054
Give us a holler! I am sure the folks won't mind going a bit further. They are maniacs!
okay so i havent been on twitter in a while and my followers dropped.
follow and please :D x74
Colorado bound!!!
uh whoa, thanks for the follow ! so is that a yes? i'm your mascot? ;)
They tell me I'm da Shiz, I'm like.."Duhh." - Mac Miller(:
Had a wonderful (& delicious) lunch at today for Mother's Day with my amazing daughter & family!
happy b day!!!
nah I changed my mind, wbu
My lady years ago accomplished the same incredible result. I am poised between humiliation & desire each time I drop my pants!
That mean after Two next should hang up Falt screen plasma...lol
ehh why not Do it anyways I do
RT : Shoutout To My Nigga Out Here Doing His Thing
#Dodgers lose 6-2 against the
loving it..
Wow, just finished Adam Johnson's riveting, North Korea-set new book, 'The Orphan Master's Son.' The first must-read novel of 2012.
I wonder how long they'll give him?
I hate waking up with a attitude.
"Success is a choice." -- Rick Pitino
Trusting you but I'm still scared of losing you :/
We're learning sex Ed. Prepare for random and unusual tweets xD
how will content get attention when out of context?
Let the cookie induced coma begin.
Could be worse. She could give the money to those on the ground who prop long the Middle East conflict.
what's that
I'm a beast at hungry, hungry hippo ;)
disagreed. How does a coach completely undo what Kiffin F'd up in 2 years? Give me a break. Get real and give the guy 5
Our magically colorful "Zelda" ocarinas come in 9-hole, 12-hole tenor, & double and triple models, with 3- and 3-octave ranges respectively.
True. I want my 1st essay to be 10 pages. I'll start my 1st page tomorrow. You gave me an achievable goal. What's your book about?
Being powerful is like being a lady. If you have to tell people you are, you aren't. -Margaret Thatcher
i hear u lol what mall u near
Hehehe RT : "do you follow my mother on twitter" "...ya"
we're at the eye doctor for my bro'.... I should ask if I need glasses .___.
I know but I need to give my boss a two week notice..
bet there's no in Tel Aviv
That moment when you're writing and suddenly your point clicks in and you go, "Shit! That's it! Right there!"
shitty announcer for a shitty team.
thanks friend! It went okay. 5 shots, a blood draw and a TB test! I'm ready to work in a hospital!!!
CAN I GET THOSE LIPS TO SPEAK MY NAME?
!!! RT Oh? You say you don't smoke? Well that's all we do
"These aren't the droids you're looking for". -Obi Wan Kenobi
thanks for returning to the scene!
Follow me back,is Sexy related to dating
Hey China, can you please follow back?
you heard her. big brother frankie and wolf haley... wolf gang
Thinking I'm ready to make this announcement TOMORROW, instead of Monday! What ya'll think??
Psh! The challenge is to succeed to read with my schedule. :/
I'll take a box of Peanut Butter Patties, please. Let me know when you're ready, I'll PM you my address. Thanks, Aziz!
My alarm is your cover " with you" I love waking up to that(:
hahha how awesome is it! 👍👍👍
First announces that one of my fav bands, , is playing in town & NOW a new tune premiers. Oh. Em. Gee.
me too it's crazzy
Great meetings today. A lot of enthusiasm for the film.
give me 10 minutes! c:
I knew a Ralph Waldorf when I was growing up in the Redding Calf. area as a kid, 1960's.
Hope so! She didn't train me, there's things i'm supposed to do that we nevr even went over once. :/ She's a horrible person.
now if he dresses as Thor we won't be hearing from you for a few days lol
yeah! "oi!" is brazilian portuguese! The other part could be considered spanish too! What was that about?
Finally have internet @ home!!! No more #StarBucks lol ;)
Bridesmaid dress is in my Saturn. Woo hoo!
I'm tired of this wind had to cancel the rest of the nights work. Can't powerwash sideways.
movies like State Property hahaha
Q1: resuable learning objects - I haven't ever seen them work or used correctly
Get GREAT HAIRCARE WITH RACHEAL. FOLLOW HER UPDATES @ IAMHEALTHYHAIR. GO TO HER WEBSITE
Happy, Happy Fourth!
We can meet downtown then we can go to my house and get out musical spirits on. That and we can drink c;
I know how much u love hp plus all of the ice cream of your choice for desert. How's that sound? :) lol
THANKS! Let me know how yours turn out. :)
Lmao Yes I am Excited! He is just so amazing!
No, I think they'll just be going after individual bad actors, instead of the institutions themselves.
Thanks dumb fucking asshole that side swiped my car.
Thanks for the mention, have a Great Week!!
why wait for that day?They have kits to make your hair that perfect touch of gray! It'll be so hot ;)
Need an oil change this week? Need vehicle repairs? Call me at 405-641-1581 and your problems are solved. We come to you for a change.
i l0ve talking to pe0ple i dont know !!! :D
Good morning :)
New: China's Currency Reform Vol2! Until Nov15, receive 10% off your order with code EPPPROMO201110. Visit enrichprofessional.com
Long day. Comfortable bed = Heaven. Early night? [snore]
FB staff is headed home. They have been up all night. They wanna take a nap before they start spending their money.
you can get past the awkward phases of iPad typing by training in our iPad typing tutor.
Why the hell is this Rebecca Black girl still trending?! D:
haven't been on in so lonng! :o
Had a good time celebrating the release of Shawn into the wild on friday.
Just block the website for a week, and delete any apps.
The Hamilton. It's positioned as kind of a know-it-all cocktail bar, but it's been a trainwreck every time I've been here.
A cyclist was just struck by a truck in front of my house this afternoon-and he was obeying traffic laws. Why?
Listening to debut album, Barton Hollow. Definitely worth checking out! Excited about seeing them live in a few weeks.
no.. just 3
Emmanuel leads Johnson and wales at half 35-23. Everson with 15 points on 7-11 shooting and one MONSTER dunk.
Rick yelling at Siva for blown assignment on open 3. Cards still in good shape. 48-41 257 left
ok. I thought I worded it correctly.
#COSIGN!!!! “: if they lose this series I'm done with basketball forever”
3 more hours at work... Gonna take some time to get used to night shift... Worth it though.
Tonight we're beginning our re-watch of the Alien movies because I can't really remember anything from them. Except that there's an alien.
When someone hurts you or leaves you with any reason, the best revenge is to live better.
Good Afternoon☀ Blessed! Beautiful! Bountiful! Peaceful! Productive! I declare these over my life 2day!!!!!
fuck U for making it almost impossible for me to get a package! U should state when you purchase something that U need 2 sign 4 it!
Stoked for the roller-coaster this week is going to be.
Looks that way, so far. I still think we can do something though. Start by tweeting and emailing
GoodNight Twitter
RT : Miami the next Mecca for music mark my fucking words....
yeah yeah... It's 2012... WHY SOMEONE WILL NOT HAVE A TWITTER!? I don't get it. Haha
I'm doing this for your own good. Really? That's your line?
where are you? I can't see you!
Plows of Milwaukee, you've got some work to do. We've been spoiled with this weather without a real winter...until now.
you sound like my wife. it was no days of heaven (greatest movie ever made), but i'd still love to see it again.
don't forget about our awesome high five.
It's time to take down the Nashville Christmas "scene". It's so much easier to put em up than take em down. Blah.
guess whos going to prom with me... jkkkk
I think I'll strengthen your rule by not reading them until 1pm Chicago time, just to make sure they're not being read anywhere
So glad Dare to Be had such an awesome start last night. You inspire me!
#Metro Center is Ficelle day!!!
my sister told me that you get mad when i dont tweet you goodnight so goodnight boobear! :) xx ~23days<3x~
Bush cabinet centrality only partially supports the hypotheses. Gee, starting to feel like I am writing a paper in short shrads. Enough!
Red White and Blue means freedom....Until they're flashing behind you
Were definitely gonna get married that's not the problem...its just not technically official
RT : You can't be "just friends" with someone you're madly in love with.
Why do ppl keep say that red heads are nice gentle ppl?? No the fuck we aren't!
Bears defense is as bad as Lovie as Dayquil spokesman! Now I'm sniffling, sneezing, aching and can't sleep.
Why do us girls give our boyfriends the weirdest nicknames? I call Joseph, Booogabutt! No idea where that came from. Lol 
San Antonio is a perfect vacation spot! Experience the #RiverWalk, enjoy great food and relax in a luxurious hotel.
Wow thanks for the follow in Singapore!!! =)
http:/www.lacomfotzone.com for massage oils, edible tasty oils, and novelties...
"If you ain't got no money take your broke ass home..." I let my daughter know, too. (Listening to Lipstick Jungle tracks for motivation...)
At first when I see you cry, it makes me smile.
How would you like to make some $$ by telling us your experience and opinions of Nike? Ping back for more info! :-)
And that's worse than perl how? ;)
Don't know if anyone saw that, but its about time we turned NJ into Jurassic Park
Q: How do you know if your boyfriend has a high sperm count? A: You have to chew before you swallow!
Nice call blue
is one of my absolute favorites.
May have to watch "The Lion King" before the game on Saturday.
Bruins and Sabres YES :)
Our season ended yesterday I was sad that and wanted this season to go longer But I know that it's time They r ready world
RT : tech is an elective just like arts/proven tech & arts create productive adults/edu priorities
Clueless is clueless. When you don't what don't know!!!
you should have said hi! Except I was in zombie mode hah
40404 I like the little skits. Nice change.
exactly what I was thinking.
That awkward moment when you glance at someone staring at you..
First of all dawg..why U studying Nukkas Wang-Dang-Doodles...wit ya #Down-low azz.. #KillYourself!
thanks for the RT!!
right now: Portland Police are at Wilson High, looking for burglars.
“ Bitch...It's 2012, swallow that shit!!! #Life”
SIRRIUS Radio wants $12 a month or $700 for a lifetime subscription now! REALLY? $700 for a radio subscription? On what planet is that sane?
's Exec Director Tammie Kahn introduces #Houston Mayor Annise Parker
RT : If someone is important to you tell them, tell them now and tell them often and while you're at it, show them too.
Watching Raw, reading Twilight, and eating Doritos... I'm multitasking :D
My deepest condolences go out to you, for tomorrow I shall not give a single Fuck :)
i want to see your hair fagget
Knowledge is the most democratic source of power. ~Alvin Toffler
If Yu Dnt Know How To Cook, Yu Not Even Allowed To Walk In My Kitchen ... That's Just Me
What does that even mean
And we did NOT call each other to coordinate!
I feel a little hungover
at #turnerhallballroom right now. You ready Milwaukee
My tummy hurts. :(
let me know
what are you doing tomorrow, keewey? (:
I thought they stopped serving breakfast at 11.
Thank you! :)
1. I like dick
Did you know? will be serving up a hot meal around noon today. See some1 in need? They're welcome at
We're playing tonight at Vaughan's (4229 Dauphine St) from 9pm-midnight! Happy Jazzfest!!!
who's talking about a relationship?
There is nothing I care less about in this world, than Kevin Jonas.
My eyes are bleeding.
Too many women's faces in art. #namsayin?
Absolutely LOVING this 'shitty' weather in
what's happening out there? U look great!
If I wasn't always at least an hour early for everything I'd have more free time! Hate waiting around.
Smoke a blunt , the only way I can escape from my life .
ha yes. My commute this morning was a real treat to say the least...
This makes me happy!! : **GOOD NEWS: Tornado Watch Cancelled for CT!!! Plus Irene down to Tropical Storm!
Stupid air yeast won't eat my stupid wet flour. I MADE A NICE MEAL FOR YOU. THE LEAST YOU CAN DO IS TRY IT.
Can anyone give me a shout out ? Please (; Il lovee youu forever <3 Il doo one back ? (:
You're the best! thank you!
Maharaja would like to support our local breweries by selling locally brewed beers! So the question is..what's you're favorite craft beer?!
And the whole Napoli thing would be funny-if he wasn't famous and didn't have so many followers. That makes it mean-whether he thinks (cont)
I have an overwhelming urge to go for a run. Like right now at 4am.
bring the data! let us know if you need some more geocoding API help.
Heads up 7-up?
Thrilled! They are selling Hard Candy brand cosmetics at Walmart. How fabulous!
Common complaint re Silverlight. Haven't heard the UI complaint. But have you seen 's example of mobile clients?
really, the #Bogusky show is charming, bizarre, and somehow impossible to stop watching...
thanks ! Good times ....
oh that's Wasup!
Happy 4th of July! Go blow something up.
guys are bad
Q1: it also means eliminating achievement gaps and all students reaching their full potential
Bravo to Brentwood, you handled a group of very chatty and inattentive people with care; we had a great lunch!
Studying some wine at
Too extreme a punishment or not enough?
you can have any fucking kind of language you wish motherfucker donut don't mind me..
RT : Don't trip she gotta be able to control it. Niggas thirsty everywhere.
I love watching little kids race MX because their helmets are big on them and they look like bobble heads... xD
Thought it was ironic to see a sign that said "No guns allowed, not even if you have a CHL" at a gun show this weekend. =)
Check us out on Facebook! UNCG SLC
I'd ratber be a good liver than have one.
Going to the ordway to see some show :P idk which one tho :D
My mom broker her favorite mug this morning
Another morning another full day of twittering. I wonder if any of our trusty followers are making the trek to Holiday World today.
WOO...Break a leg! Or your "long pork"? Maybe? Not so much...?
That pass was fucking beautiful (wipes tears from eyes)
It started
I JUST SPENT $50 ON A FUCKING VIDEO GAME!
That's pretty great! Haha
Goodnight everyone
I auto follow back everyone. Follow me and retweet this if you need more followers
You would think that, since I've talked to before I wouldn't chicken out tonight... But no such luck.
Never say you can't achieve your goals. Simply say I presently struggle with. Change your perspective, changes everything.
are those your famous rice krispie treats?
Do that. She's a real piece of work. RT : I was going to google her when I go to bed
Looking for a great deal?? Well, don't look at for one.
Twitterville make it a great day!!!! Remeber, Happy are those who dream dreams and are ready to pay the price to make them come true.
"Grammer" has to come in as a close second. RT : The most egregious misspelling is "genious."
I should really start writing the interviews for the #NoDirectionTour for next week - Karri
aw why you so precious 💜💜💜
happy FOR NO REASON
Tried to cook artichoke hearts and burnt myself instead
and no you havent?
I never understood that line. It's so ambiguous yet they keep pushing it...??
haha - I'm not going to argue with your assessment. Happy St. Pat's to you as well! Have a breakfast burrito for me, please.
r ppl still tweetin?? i tink de're 2 busy watchin the show!!
The older I get the more I appreciate the good in people coupled with zero tolerance for stupidity.
Boston's throwback uniforms are fucking SiCK!
The Walking Dead > The Academy Awards
:) OK, I'll have to look it up. I've seen every ep. Just don't know the titles :)
Mixed news on 21st century skills from Stanford research...teachers report teaching to test rather than time on crit thinking
Congrats! Moving to Seattle?
If Jensen elevates a fastball in the zone, goodnight braun
I wonder what is doing?
85 degrees IN the house! 10%humidity, that makes it bearable, right?
Physical therapy help to keep the muscles strong above and below the knee and help stabilize and range of motion.
I should probably go get my hair done
it's aight so wat go's on?? Lol
“: take the advice of Dory, Just keep swimming, just keep swimming swimming swimming” lol, the more I learn, the slower I get!!
Despite court hearing and agreement by the city attorney, police are telling Occupy residents to be out by noon, not 4:00. This is bullshit
Omg your so ugly! Just stop!!!
Just pouring another cup here. RT : Good morning! Where's the coffee please? RT -
Need to clean my room and get my homework done.
I'm in hell. We're stuck on the runway in Minneapolis but can't get off the plane because we'd have to clear customs. In the meantime...
Aye Shawty what's ya name? What's ya number .. u heard about my age.. Well FORGET that number.. ;D .
Surprised to hear Quinn since they played it at Bethel
Almost just got in an accident leaving breaks parking lot....
Yep, see you at 6:30
Making 2 children carry ur luggage tog is a cute but inefficient way 2 travel lady
get it girl!
Boehner SO excited bout visit by Crown Prince of Bahrain..keeps asking if the Prince is bringing a crown and if so, can he try it on...
only u you change format, Bob. Right, ?
'Tis Friday...JOY!
Yes, & I now go there! RT Yup, smoking ban has nearly destroyed bars/restaurants. Try Knight's before 8:30 (w/o wait)
i wathced the adventures of tin tin last night i didnt pay attetion to the movie bc wayne, jake, hunter, hannah, and bri wouldnt shut up lol
Baked chicken and spinach salad wit grapefruit water...#i'minthepocket
not sure haven't checked the schedule.
we're back! Come down and see the store, the changes, all the HOT new bikes and all of us! We miss you guys!!!!!
yeah, gonna be a couple weeks though babe :( hit me up next week?
Ever just feel like ur never gonna be good enough for someone?
This gone b a good ass series
haters gonna hate right, coach? Mad cuz uofail has nothing to celebrate and hasn't in a long, long time.
Biking to work, grilling out & drinking beer for lunch on the roof on an 80 deg day in the middle of March in Wisconsin? Thanks Republicans!
Our #3 is true-believer organizing campaign in AZ to recall bigot Russell Pearce & -
having a final on a Saturday <<<<
School today .
That doesn't escape me. But his victory last time rested not only on moderates, but conservative minorities.
Heading back to #LosAngeles this morning after some productive meetings in
Just got notice that us comin to KC in Feb. Can't wait! Tix on sale Friday!
Good choice. Their team isn't quite ready to compete yet. How about the Mets though?
At chris's house c:
I just wanna see you boy.
I wanted to stay, and hang a jungle hammock for a home........no other world exists, when I am in that sabal covered realm.
I have the clean cut, no tattoo look that will NEVER go out of style
At the Bourgeois Pig Cafe (738 W Fullerton Ave) having some VERY tasty desserts, registering for baby gear and drinking a LOT of caffeine!
Love is like a bar of soap once you think you got it it slips away
Can't wait to see you again..
Help yourself to exit
My son just threw up on me and I didn't even know it
I end finals day with 2 hours if art..
Could there be a nicer day for the #IHJJRTweetUp or what? Come do some day drinkin with us at Little Havana!
Misspelled museum goer as museum gore, whoops! Funny / awkward typo.
cool. Glad u all got to catch up for a bit. Take care man. I'm sure I'll see ya around.
How the heck are you?
alright, I've been debating this for a while... Are your eyes blue or green?
At #BLD with & the in-laws for an amazing Brunch. Definitely starting with the Blueberry & Ricotta Cheese Pancakes!
I guess I was even more delirious than I thought because I had a lot of fun at work today. I even said, "We should come in at 5 more often."
Just got a nice call from former Chiefs great Eddie Kennison. Good guy, good guy.
sick song. more organ!
haha it's really easy though my other students are doing really well with it!
July 14th thurs. did show as MonteCarlo Brown w/ReazonOne. Please stay tuned for more MonteCarlo Brown.
No tweet on the second Middlebrooks HR of the night?
doing very well, thanks! good to hear from you!
she better be!
#RomCon FFP Dine-in - The Rules: Thou shalt not mark territory, nor lay claim for a mate.
Omg this girl next to me is so loud shut up l0l
The Quietus | Features | Strange World Of... | Field Day 2012: Tim ...
PLEASE FOLLOW ME
Breaking a car window to steal CDs is the old school version of pirating music.
hey beautiful
2nd shwdwn of day. Flp tptk n rare limped pot that became 3rd pr by river. Cldve valuebet rvr but more curious to see what he called with...
OMG! SO adorable! Love that! :)
awesome job!
MY COUSIN JUST WON SURVIVOR AND IS A MILLIONAIRE. I can't think of anyone who deserves it more! Congrats Kim!
went to the ER and everything man
NWS has issued a Severe Thunderstorm Watch for Autauga, Bibb, Bullock, Chambers, Chilton, Coosa, Dallas, Elmore, Lee, Lowndes, Macon,
Thank Paul!! I am glad you enjoy Mike Shannon's and we sincerely appreciate your patronage.
I gotta poop guys :D
S/O 2 ALL OF MY FOLLOWERS MUCH LOVE AGP
I've been reading Betty White's "Betty's Friends," her personal love letter to animals. It's just fantastic. She's so inspirational!
Free Twitter Training by Top Earner. Great Tips! Happy to share. send email to will get out!
My Bday is coming up & I'm not gonna celebrate... All I want is double stuffed Oreo cookies & my dry cleaning paid for... Simple as that!!
well get ready to cough up Dat extra key ;-)
What should I do...
Not a problem! And that's what we love to hear, hope you're having a great
Check out our new app for iphone and Android. Search "california VIP" or call 619.226.1121 for details.
If I lived in LA i'd be on fairfax right now.
yes sir email me look forward to hearing from you :-)
Perfect bunt!
Forever fucking up :(
aww I love it!! Good job ;)
** HAPPY MOTHERS DAY ** to the key #QUEEN!!
...i.will be lol
I don't hate you
EVERY time I watch #GCB I tell myself, girl, you need to move to Texas and wrangle up a Southern boy!
You Follow Me Ill
Waiting at the dentist's office to get my teeth cleaned!! So freakin hungry!!
MT : #ncpol county election canvass Tue 5/15 to certify county totals. State canvass TBA. Amendment effective when SBoE certifies
Ill be rite black stay white here
It's Make Up Your Own Holiday Day! "If you cannot be the poet, be the poem."-David Carradine It's going to be a LATE night finishing paper!
I don't speak Spanish this is America!!
Oh FUCK YA!
loved today's meeting, so excited to work together
Food is our common ground, a universal experience.
Just touched down in San Diego for #BlogHer11! Now off to find second dinner/4th meal
lol my tweets are just gonna go down hill tonight
Coming back from Utah and can start my tweeting again :) sorry for being slow!
#RAIDERNATION y'all do me a great big favor. If you are as hardcore into the #Raiders give me a great big FUCK YEAH!
Working on a Web site diagnostic this afternoon - I'm looking forward to helping our client take their program page to the next level!
Heading to our Life Group party! Gonna be great! Who are you doing life with?
funny we tweet talk, am I too ugly for facetime or what?
idiot. Hate ppl who crack their iphone screens. Reminds me Of joe gil.
lol.. that happens a lot, actually. Hope made it in good time!
Just bought an 2011 27 oz Easton Salvo tonight and took one out of the park out of the wrapper. Love it!
I definitely didn't expect this...
Hi Debbie. You're coming to SXSW? We're an Austin-based web startup and would love your thoughts from a mom perspective.
Be sure to watch Leave It On The Floor tonight@ 8 on LOGO it's my movie and a great movie as well check it out Peace to you.
I ❤ showing my fam new music... They're my biggest supporters! :)
I expect to get Pasadagavra back from the editor on Monday! I'm so excited!
trying to get off work so I can join you guys. power in numbers.
It's hard to admit when you know that you're wrong, when every line and every lie is piling on.
haha pretty funny
what's the current magic number? 40?
I have no service in Dallas since 8 PM last night. What is going on. Not happy right now.
Don't forget Happy Hour today with AnaJet Booth #803 at NBM Long Beach!
i'm concerned because my 7 page paper is sitting at 3 1/2 and i'm done. #whatdoido #fontsize48?
LOVE taking naps.
Meetup for Open Textbooks Reason 1: "See if the 'world' of open books will work for me (and my students)."
My dad and I have fake gun fights like every day. Omg.
I have more street cred, because I remember Portland before it was uber gentrified when Killingsworth was really KILLINGsworth
"Do I look high?
you're welcome!
Lord you're my everything..
#LifeStory my sisters have boyfriends and I'm a couple with my grandma.. Fuck love.
If it's only sometimes, we need to work harder.
Sounds like the cash for clunkers clunked - what is happening to us? More and more looking for handouts believing it is deserved
Rebrand Your Business in 2011 & Make it a Successful Year-Let Us Design & Print Your Marketing Materials www.print1media.com
That is adorable...
New Blog Post!!! Back in the Day Bakery Savannah, GA. Delicious Sweets Galore!
That awkward moment when someone is listening to your iPhone music, and then that one song you know your not supposed to like is playing.
Thanks to the ladies at this morning for the excellent chai & cinnamon roll I could not have gotten through the morning w/out it!
Okay, I forgive you. FOR NOW.
guys! would you like to work on a website?
NaLee a mysterouly sexy brand new mermaid fantasy!!!! Check it out at NaLee2010.com
are you suggesting I take notes? I'm gonna have to re-think my whole game plan after your first story!
what happened?
welcome u twit lol
Did you see Nathan's numbers! Another incredible showing!
It's really awkward to order a "Tall Blonde" at Starbucks.
. Thanks for the support; we've taken a lot of flack over these articles
Really? The site has been taken down it's supposed to redirect to the myspace. Domain probably expired, thanks for the heads up.
Okay so I find the cream at the last place I would ever have thought about...Kmart!! Now this is backward compared to the CITY. SMH than ...
Preparing and finalizing details for Linda & John's wedding on July 9th. Westeria is the color and i cannot wait until Saturday.
infp or enfp, depending on how I answer one question.
AJ Burnett got me -31 points today. That's right. Negative, 31 points. I've seen it all now.
RT : Morning Meditation: You will live in your own peace or your own conflict, it's a choice you must make in your mind.
People gossip and flip shit to make themselves feel superior.
RTthat first, but when I RT him, it didn't show up
Monday is here again, so it is #weightloss roll call time! How was your #HCG weight loss this weekend?
I'll consider it! I can't believe these clowns.
One Direction, I love you!♥ xx
“: Anyone seen Contraband? Any good?”. Great
Aramis Ramirez helping his case for Lazy Ass of the Year again. Already in the Lazy Ass HOF, but padding the stats never hurts.
"7 days without God makes one weak."
Just watched the fascinating new #Marley documentary! Lots of rare footage/photographs, first-hand stories, and sweet, sweet music.
Vacation's over. Back to work tomorrow. *sigh*
Not feelin yood. Dizzy and my tummy hurts. And i never got my ballon & ice cream =[
give thanks!
i just gave you an invite.
thank god
Pulitzer board stiffs 'Swamplandia' and other works of fiction - Kansas City Star
"I want a hippopotamus for Christmas." I don't know, I just felt like saying that.
Who is getting excited for the #MDFilmFest?
hahaha no but i did wish it concluded me kicking your ass! haha lmao!
Sorry, Cathy, just saw this. 2 late now 2 share how. it was great, wasnit it? hope u enjoyed.
Oh I forgot. R.I.P Amy Whinehouse :)
Join us at our Fremont Store, Tomorrow January 24th for a lecture with Nutritionist Alison Ozgur, Plant Protein. Free, 6:30PM in our cafe.
thanks to whoever got me sick.
Who's Hungry tonight?
I dread the thought of going to school. Thanks Centennial for making my high school career suck ass.
The makers of an action figure w/ an uncanny resemblance to the late Steve Jobs are reportedly being 'threatened with legal action' by Apple
Are you drinking enough fluids?
RT : "Art washes away from the soul the dust of everyday life." - Pablo Picasso
How to spend time on thanksgiving break for Chinese people? Even it is still one and half a week...
Feel like a fire hose of fabulous information is blowing me over, thank you #joycevalenza!
Love your profile pic! Such a cute dog!
8K starting units with $10 dealer add-on for 2K units, and 30 minute levels starting at 25/50
AHAHAHAH yeah ok. You wish..
3rd has started at the Resch
remember the pic I told you about?
Anyone want to share taxi from airport at about 330 local time today?
Got a show tonight in Santa Monica. The Basement Tavern, 8:30 pm. Gotta love the west side.
To make the individual uncomfortable, that is my task. ~ Friedrich Nietzsche
Enjoy an Easter picnic in the park courtesy of the Cassa Hotel. Each picnic basket for 2 includes brunch breads, pastries & a picnic blanket
Create space for another perspective or point of view. It can be remarkably freeing, and fun.
“: Didn't you struggle to win agianst UNC at home last year? The same team UNLV beat easily.”<<How'd that work in March?
That video was hilarious. xD Sad thing is a lot of girls do act like that ._.
Now taking vitamins has become a health hazard...from now on I'm breaking them in half..but I did create a new dance! lol
Decorated with sparkly tablecloths, & on one table, fake fur. Lanterns, purple lights, house banners. Catapult+cheese balls=Snitch
Mordi: Greater levels of cultural homogeneity in North Africa allowed for better coordination on social networks
livestream is frozen.
Alaska Airlines & #Starbucks Team Up to Serve Freshly Brewed #Coffee Onboard All
whats everyone #working on today?
Very true! RT : Free weights tend to bring more definition bc you use your stabilizing muscles to balance the weight
On wednesdays we wear pink
but trust your intuition.
Does anybody else have fat on the top part of their stomach? Like under your boobs, its really annoying
There are a few others. You will find them among those I follow. Someone else started a HoustonMetro & the media is joining
Chicken and waffles is a southern staple - that you are ruining with Nuggets and Eggos. :)
I'm jealous... went there in February & absolutely loved it! Have fun!
Hate when I mix people up...
Congrats to the 2011 Future 50 winners! We enjoyed celebrating your success! Hartman is a proud four-time sponsor of the event!
every new hire gets a visit and I eat the albacore stack and end the lunch by saying "stay classy San Diego"
hahaha before I lose me accent and forget about the lonestar state!!!
On teleseminar w/ and Cari Cole
Congrats on largest audience ever. intro. What % of audience knew?
i like to thank everyone for showing me and my team love without yall theres no us #HM baby
It's being fought by because it doesn't incorporate test scores.
I've had pictures of the ESBW in my slide deck for years! Rad!
well soon as a i get my crib im having a fat ass smokeout lmaoo... no furniture so im gettin fucked!!!
Burk: Donors like USAID support citizens rights in the face of digital crackdowns in authoritarian regimes in Africa
I don't ask girls for their phone numbers. I ask them to be my Facebook friend first. This way, I know what I'm getting myself into. #Creep?
Petaquilla Minerals Ltd. Reports Technical Disclosure Review
Activist Shareholder Alleges Yahoo CEO Lied About His Computer Science Degree
2 free massages at the SAG-AFTRA annual health fair today! Feeling good!
Want me to TELL YOU
nope y
GOD don't like ugly and he ain't too crazy about pretty !!!
can't wait!
Roughing it on vacation with laptops, radio, tv and cell phones. I really should just go walk the dog and write a song at the beach.:-)
Claire, keep up the great work. Isabel Mercedes Selling Tucson
I so agree with you on that
Im so proud of you. Im happy you won best male artist yesterday!! #swag (: cant wait till you come back to ohio!! #muchlove (:
weird i dont like that
A daughter on her way to see her mother in the hospital is run over in act of road rage. reports live from Fairfax Co on News4
Good Luck! RT": Last day of my university lifee.. Last day of my exam Wish me luck :)))))"
is serving up special offers from 330-730pm at 800 Santa Maria in Irvine tonight!
best damn Hott sauce in Portland!
Thanks for the #FF! Nice profile pic!!!
To the fellas be kind to a lady always today share a hug and a kind word to all moms and women that support and take care of us 365 days
Go Pack Go!
K would like to forget about Y and disappear. Y doesn't let K forget about the dead women.
I'am Belieber :))
Just had the laugh of my day :)
Go follow she follow back ,!
Thanks so much! Glad you like the tune :)
Ill call it fucking sick.
But I just had work done. Their HUGE now! :)
Well, I am going to watch SC2 till morning. Homestory Cup > School.
Not sure I get that approach for Romney. Seems to be re-packaging his positions on grounds that are pretty favorable for Obama.
We Love One Direction #2 trend :P We Love One Direction We Love One Direction We Love One Direction We Love One Direction :D <3
Restart it & keep pressing F8 & see if a screen pops up. If it does see if you can go into safe mode & do a system restore on it
Low-Cholesterol Recipes: Mexican Strawberry Water (Agua de Fresa) 4.55 / 5 Stars | 33 Reviews by Olivia "Fresh fruit waters, or Aguas de
You'd be mine!
k aw i would.
Hilarious. Check out closely guarded #Pop Secret & #Emerald Nuts Twofer Commercial on www.letsgetaquatic.com. #sbads #superbowl commercials
long day ahead of me..
Just left my moms new house. I see a party happening there in the near future lol
so close i can almost feel it...
sorry man! Just saw this on twitter. But I got your email while I was at work an will respond tomorrow 😁
Had very long work day and it's still not over for me......
cool! Need to decide if I'm sticking with birdsOfAFeather
all i can say is hard to go against Kentucky, but Kansas is more then capable to smack that ass
Next season on glee: Texting and Driving kills.
With names like Pants on Fire and Stay Thirsty, it was hard not bet on 'em, but my trifecta picks are Dialed In, Mucho Macho Man, and Sodat
Day 1 of Whole30 started! Excited for 2012. Happy New Years to all my Twitter friends!
#SloPigMke was fantastic! A great follow-up to the Stillwaters Hospital Food Fight earlier today! Well done everyone! Milwaukee rocks!
soup of the day : Jameson shot+PBR
Who could I talk to about catering an event next week?
sad example of material goods valued over human beings. RT The value of life gets less and less everyday. Very scary.
I hear ya. Quasi-reverse trip
that's cool neighbor
RepresentMe.ca gets a shout-out on stage at #GovCamp from Guy Michaud
7th period hurry up so 8th can be over with already. I'm ready for my nap time ^_^
thank you so much :-)
I am beyond stoked for a new release eventually. Great band.
yup ahhaha and lucky! But thats okay cause its my last year and im excited :]
IN ORDER TO WIN N LIFE YOU MUST B SURROUNDED BY WINNERS
Awesome! What's your capstone focus? And do you have Nahon or DV for 580?
Slept all day, but now im up eatting like a fat person, and igotta do my hair. Today should be fun
Purchase your nye tickets today
It's not a whip. It's a car.
john deere sweatshirt and i bottle of captain. hello finals week.
Love makes everything that is heavy light.
Why is it so hard to see my advisor?
tacos for dinner <3
3, 6-8. Such an awesome series. Have you gotten a chance to see Hungar Games? People keep comparing it to HP.
xD I can't drink iced coffee, dunno why.
They're nothing but "periodic SCARE TACTICS" put in place by the domestic terrorists in the American government.
I've lost too many tickets to learn that will call is always the way to go.
Wondering what Olivia is going to do tonight #scandal-love this show!
Happy hour is now happier! Now late night specials daily 10pm-close at The Local Vine on Capitol Hill. (daily happy hour still 5-7pm too)
Top 9 countries that like Living Philanthropic: US, Canada, UK, Australia, Germany, India, Philippines, Singapore, Brazil
Looking forward to upcoming short film called "Deadline" in which I play a mother with an ultimatum. Shooting is in July.
yeah me to spending time with my boyfriend u got one??:)
Leap Year & The Notebook on right in a row!
Ok we back people sorry for the delay now its juice vs ak
Watching Back to the Future. Yeah, life is pretty awesome.
Insulate to hibernate! (I can make your home warm) Insulate to meditate! (I can reduce noise) Insulate to eradicate! (good seals, no pests)
Today in 1981, Sandra Day O'Connor nomintd by Ronald Reagan 2 Supreme Court; bcomes 1st woman to evr serve. Retired 2006.
Why is Ray J always somewhere involved in something?!....SIT DOWN!
did u get the email
I went kayaking for the first time today.. On my way back,i fell in the midde of the river. Scared me so much. :O
since you seem a lil more grounded in the music industry you got any tips/suggestions for me?
go to your privacy settings and set your inbox to not receive messages.
Reviewing Leon Collins" 53
RT : And the #BU2012 commencement speaker is... , executive chairman of
Finishing up a couple of Curtis Grimes CD projects. We think he's quite the talent. As always, remember, Support Live Music!
Loving my iPad background hahaha just come on it think my mummy did it thanks xx
Made my first grocery list on ... let's see how it goes.
Ray Charles, check. Pink Floyd, check. Skrillex, punch my own dick 87 times.
Working on filing two patents today
LET THE BASS CANNON KICK IT 📢📣🔊🎶🎵 WUB WUB WUBBBB
Imagine what an entire generation of girls can do w/ the confidence, skills, & experience they need to lead. What will U do?
the amateur dunk contest was way better than that watered down NBA dunk contest just kept seeing props no skill
Please come visit me for #DenverRestaurantWeek! I need to see some of the cool kids to get me through Restaurant Half Month!
If you can't afford the operation, he touches up the X rays
Hi Lulu! For exhibit I'd love to tap your brain on a few q's about being an artist.May I get in touch by email?
"love is the only force capable of transforming an enemy to friend' - MLK :) ♥♥♥
I am most certainly a Progressive! TX-6 needs a strong, principled challenger 4 Joe Barton. I'd love to chat!
Hey, “Vision Hyundai Henrietta,” did you know you’re actually in Brighton?
congratulating Margaret Singer of Su Casa: "Immigrants, immigration is the back bone of our country."
Roman Martinez veteran lobo move. 3 ball ties it.
Aren't we perky this morning! Have a good one!
i dont know any food other that arroz y frijoles.
I'm thinking #1 on on the charts good!!!
true mahomies will RT this and follow me! :)
Looking forward to tea at the Oprah Store tomorrow!
thanks for the #FF!
I can't place outgoing calls! rep says there is an outage in the area!
Yeah! At the Indiana State Fair with Elly!!!!!!!!
I've always been here, never left, LOL
She's daddy's little girl.
Us too! RT : Thanks! Look forward to learning more.
This "Home of Tomorrow-The Moon" illustration is kicking my rear end. I may have to split it up into two separate illustrations.
no problem love!
That video is fuc*ing crazy hot!!!
i hope you receive the good news on Monday when you call :)
You don't scare me stair mill...
sorry to hear.... no no wait, I'm not. HAHAHA
Wow, my NATURAL gorgeous hair just hit 27.55 inches!! No weave needed here!! <3 BEING REAL!!!
ugghh nobody's coming this year!
Sports is at its peak. #NHL playoffs, #NBA playoffs, #NFL draft, #MLB season. When is there time to rest?
Im bout to DDT my desk in the last class of the semester.
Tolerance implies no lack of commitment to one's own beliefs. Rather it condemns the oppression or persecution of others. -John F. Kennedy
We all know that and are going to bring home something orange after the kca's :)
lucky bastard
Most people don't like their attitudes and egos.
planning a fashion show on satug13th..Columbus Commons!! Dj's,food&drinks and models in cool clothes!! what more do you need???
I count seven people on this red line car who are asleep. Out of 12 passengers. We all must have risen extra early on this
Josh Hamilton. WOW. cc:
50% off details until 1pm. Buy now, use anytime in 2012. No limit. Get yours before they are gone. Purchase by phone call (619) 531-9319.
Looking forward to Light Up Night Tonight!
Is it on TV or online?
Be sure to follow Melissa's sister on twitter and also check out her fashion blog!
Thanks to everyone who is following me. <3
Is it possible that the super committee's failure is a good thing for states? bit.ly/rvUXrO Tweet us your thoughts.
april 22 is a sunday, so traffic won't be a problem
Last Leap Day, I was living in England and spent the day at Stonehenge, Stourhead, and in Bristol. Four years: so short and so very long.
We had a ton of it - bigger than a marble - smaller than a golf ball sure cars were damaged
just completed 25 minutes minutes of meditation with
Hi Torrey! Happy New Year!
Obama touts robust auto industry; GOP counters, thanks to Boehner, tanning supply sales up 500%
"Animals are under our skins, those animals deep within, those animals scampering about cause there ain't nothing to try to stop them baby."
yes! Decided I wasn't ready to get rid of the keyboard. Fun stuff!
Let's play a game. How long does it take for one of the eighth graders to spill something.
I understand your opinion but what I'm sayin is true right
everyone go follow . he only needs 8 more followers until 300. i wont stop tweeting until he gets there. 4
If your ancillary thought is correct, hopefully casual sports fans/media will continue to turn up the heat on these issues
not gettin cute stuff back<
I swear!
#NSF2012 Case Cup competition is underway! May the best team win !
Hey Milwaukee peeps, What are your favorite Madison places? Look for us in the Madison area soon!
He needed that one! Good shit Robbie!!
Goodnight Sam . Sweet dreams 💜
#Patriots fever. The only prescription is football and/or beer!
California Burrito King > Chipotle If you have not been, check it out. Normandie / 3rd
I hope #jeopardy is as exciting as #cnndebate!
i'm on my period so you could all imagine how excited these pictures of justin are getting me. unf unf unf.
My spirits are never broken. I stay focused.
I'm going to be a Friday afternoon tour guide for #CHI2010. All on board!
Did you know today is International Hug a Librarian Day? Okay, all you librarians, consider yourselves <hugged>!!!
Meeting with to talk about the schoolHER curric!
Also hung from two stories, went through a window backwards, got an explosion in my face. I earned that badge!
Stay committed to your decisions, but stay flexible in your approach. It's the end you're after. ~
I'm envisioning a ride-through haunted house through guts of giant calliope/wurlitzer w/ "monster opera" spook features.
thanks bud. Good people over there.
definition of #winning . :)
Burger. in sc is good. Will come back again.
Hey man! I got a twitter now, so that means you have to follow me! haha
Previous tweet incorrect, only three female speakers - out of 25 - at today's #digiday event.
you wasnt even gone tell me uy changed ur twitter name.. worst cousin
you just have to press a buttom!
The video game did SUCH a good job of the relationship between the Prince and Farah. They hate each other and stick together.
TY for the RT! Were so excited to be here!
bye bye KG
#thoughtsduringschool im ready to learn... haha im funny, i rather go home and sleep in my nice bed (:
Motivation is the key to success. Passion gives you the motivation.
whose fault is that?
come on heat
when my son sleeps in my bed he takes it over! I'm boarder line falling off and this is a queen
You're so right about that.
walk up in the mal had to cop em al she asked me why I stunt so hard I said b*tch because I ball truuuuuuu
Remodeling underway. We are very excited. Hope to open in April/May 2011. Students are very excited.
you're the best, Jennie! Thanks!
Tonight was great, had so much fun!
Ahh, flattered. Kentucky news up in the NYC!
#ExpertVisibilityTip: Your branding includes the voice of your company. How's your customer service? Phone? Email?
Plutocracy: political power is derived from the wealthy & controlled by the wealthy to protect their wealth. GOP=Guardians of Privilege
Good Morning Tweeps
do you think NY could be the next #startup hub?
It would be nice 4 if were Prez; Then he could spend all his obstruction time on golf/tanning instead.
it was great..
is giving life back its stupid lemons and demanding chocolate!
I don't understand why people commit, there's always a solution to whatever you're going through. Be strong & patient good times will come…
Not tweeting a lot until back in GA! But keep sending :)
Life Is Grrrrraaaaeeetttttt.
reaching too far back for yesterday.........defeats tomorrow's grasp.
How many games will oft-injured Lions quarterback Matthew Stafford play in this year? I put the over/under at 9.
#bearcats looking good! Finish strong!
Heh… Grumpy participation. ;) Wonder if it's generational? I'm feeling like a grumpy old fart.
with quotes from popular political pundits. Take as an example this...
#SinceWeBeingHonest been the same chick from day 1
Ok must go to bed now... #CoreFusion #Yoga comes awfully early....see you there , who else??
#AllBad LOL RT : Deodorant is starting to give up on some folks
Everything is a challenge, there's no such thing as a problem.
Jeez I need better taste in friends.....
an hour to hour 1/2. 30 min of cardio and weight 3x a week
Yes, dear freshmen, this is the place where you can 'rent the books'
yeaa thats an excuse to not talk to someone. :/ been there. RT : You lost your phone ? I think your just avoiding me :/
YOU FiNALLY QUiT..WHERE YOU WORK NOW?...
thanks - you are very talented!
I think it has a very good chance!
Considering attending
Fuzzy dice, bandana, baby shoes.": Name 6 Things people hang from their rear view mirror. #familyfeud ! Good Luck !"
And their skin color had NOTHING to do with the characters or THE PLOT so it shouldn't have mattered anyway! Oy. #whypplsostupid?
I get so sad when people unfollow me :(
Oh shxt I'm #Winning haha!
No wait false alarm damnit
Have you tried the #FlourShop on Main Street? Gr8 coffee. #local RT : Penn Yan should really consider building a Starbucks
Last full day class session of #HCLA is this week. I can't believe graduation is next month.
who should be the next XPOZ beauty
ABC NEWS WAS THE LOSER IN THIS HORRIBLE DEBATE
Follow Back >?
Starting off the day w great music!❤🎶💚🎶😄
Watched 'Sea of Love' w/Pacino & Serpico's next in the queue. I still love you Al despite Gigli.
Amazed how many people drive the wrong way up 8th street in North Philly
#ff who came over Tuesday, mentioned she got an A+ in Heidegger, and told me how to remove a stubborn mark on my table. xo
So totally just remembered I had a sex dream with my coworker last night. It's going to be awkward to see him today.
booked a lead in a feature film! Check out my website www.ciarrasiller.com
DC's a tough place to live on just over a million a year.
i just went for a run. it's 65 degrees, holloween decorations are out, and i could smell roasted marshmallows....fall's here (:
Doug wanted to reach out and see how you were doing with the tech analyst. Hope the hockey season is going well.
Congrats on the promotion. Lot of cold weather in your future. :)
I've had the hiccups for like 10 minutes!
☼ If we had no faults of our own we would not take so much pleasure in noticing those of others. Francois de La Rochefoucauld
lmao with the pegs
RT : In the woods. Off some leaves. On to the green.
OMFG!! One of my favorite DJs of all time, THE retweeted my Tweet!! Excuse my freak out but HOLY SHIT!!! :D
I just saw your jewelry while hanging with . I'll probably come see you guys tomorrow
I'm actually here this morning (right now actually) and back again tomorrow afternoon 2-4
bitch! Who'd you go with?
Thank you to all my sponsors for their support
He'll love our pick though. I mean AJ's pick!
I wish I could dye my hair the color of Ariana Grande's!
Attended the Heartland Pro Bono Seminar. Talked about New Child Support Guidelines. The guidelines are complex and in some ways, strict.
Sitting here with my two new tick friends trying to decide if we should all go down to the clinic & see if any of us have Lyme disease.
jamming out to the jonas brothers. ah perfect<3
So i go in the kitchen to make some chocolate milk i open the fridge and guess what i dont have. welp off to walmart
I just want to be in the sun! SO unmotivated today.
": Wonder if Larry Merchant is doing the interviewing tonight??" Count on it!
Entering tiger talk @ NZP
If you're wondering who we are why don't you check out our website fro more info www.wawild.org
Ahmed: People need time to change. They must overcome years of misinformation
oh cool while waiting to see a doctor, i am being serenaded by the receptionist as she sings and whistles along to all star by smash mouth.
I like that attitude!
working on an imprinted umbrella quote. Are you ready for the next rainy day? Are your clients? Why not give one with your logo?
Big Day in Sedona yesteraday How did i know they would love my Ped Pal foot scrubbys? Passion dear followers passion that's the gift i share
Thanks Say hi to the fam ;)
Can I get an amen? #FF #FollowFriday RT : Can we stop voting on basic human rights!?!?
#instagram just might become addicting... might
RIGHT BACK ATCHA. I didn't know Bro had a Twitter.
Think like a man of action, act like a man of thought.
my mom got them online does it depend what site she bought them from?
follow me back please? :)
Listening to the weeknd on the way home
ctfu. you been going in on these mfs.
Did you know our springless #trampolines do not have any springs or steel frame on the jumping surface? Feel safe about your kids jumping!
I need some chocolate chip cookies in my life right now!!!! smh
So excited to hang out with my boyfriend tmrw, I forgot its my 1st day of classes... Haha
"Your lactose-intolerant boyfriend will turn into a gas-filled Macy's day balloon."- Penny
So the cute guy from another school can't make it to my graduation :/ i'm glad he wanted to come(: hopefully me n him hit up the gay bars xD
We are open and ready to help you get your holiday treats!
Really i think I like who I'm becoming. There's times where I do it just do it like it's nothing.
nice job next to the
moderation/balance is key! I'll do another show but not anytime soon. I threw up all day Sunday & had a migraine for 2 days
“: "Never cut what you can untie." -- Joseph Joubert”
please enable the new chat </3
Just walked into oaks for free
When Holland and Belgium split the belgians got all the good cooks and brewers, the dutch got all the orange dye.
Just got a shot in the bum. Momma always said belly rubbing would lead to trouble
#AAM2011 Online fever session: JHU group projects---Tools: Skype, online chats, webinars (recorded), fb, blackboard, online virtual cafe
“: My catcher knows me better than I know myself! #BaseballBros #pitcher_swag”
strong words RT : "I strongly believe that Mendeley can change the face of science." Werner Vogels CTO Amazon
Shout out to my girl Luv the song! You surprised me with that one
Had the best time at #JourneyChurch in Raleigh, NC today. I will definitely be back next week!
Read about two iOS Math Apps made by classroom teachers: tonyv.me/mabt
Who's Sasha Grey? I'm married, guys. (yes, btw)
I wanna say thank you incase I don't thank you enough!
I stabbed my hand with a pencil. Now I have a piece of led stuck in it. sixth time to the doctors.
you've already heard it... You already heard it before my blood family.... #that'slove
so true
Kisses to my new people ! Tx 4 the follow!
Drummed for 2.5 hours with the Pigtown community. Good times!
It's True..
Couldn't be simpler: Visit the details tab on any taxon page & hit "add an article to this page". PM me if you want to chat.
Im ready!
Hales on Rose Quarter: "It's an unrealized place." "I'd like to see a corporate HQ there." Maybe Columbia Sportswear
we're working together right now... #Itswhatever :/
you should follow mee <3 & creep on my shittt . (;
Reading "The Woman Behind the New Deal." Story of amazing woman (Frances Perkins), & excellent primer for successful political activism.
This game over
I'm too nice, bleh. It's annoying.
Complete joke if u think I'm going to be paying attention in night class tonight...or staying the entire time
#WordsYouWillNeverHearMeSay ... I need to go smoke .
There's always one kid who takes a good 30 longer than everyone else on tests
my old coworker works there now...
Off to read a little Dr. Seuss for the Janney Elementary Dr. Seuss Day celebration.
Thank you everybody for the birthday wishes. It means a lot. Thank you so much!
The WA State Senate did the right thing tonight in approving same-sex marriage!!
Everything seems to be blooming!
Followers :X ?
Rejoining the 21st century. Apple TV and streaming Netflix. I'll pay you to come over and help us install this.
Went to an old "4CANCER" THRIFT STORES that felt like it gave me cooties w/ 3000 items on a rack smellin' of moth balls! but $1 stuff! wow!
SHOUT OUT FOR SHOUT OUT??!
Just sittin on my sofa with my bean dip waiting for the Marshawn Lynch show to start
#WordOfAdvice: Look back at your life and say "I can't believe I did that" instead of saying "I wish I did that."
There are things I like about Hurdle. Really. And he does get some credit for team playing better. BUT.......
My NBA is back, and all the employees who count on that money for they're lively hood back as well! Happy Hollidays this is a great day!
Going to start broadcasting again in about 20mins.
hey girl hows it going? you still at Marquette High?
“: Looking for a little piece of heaven? I suggest whipped cream vodka. Splash of 7up and a cherry" on a weds? Go girl!
New blog post is up! Learn how to get motivated and incorporate fitness in your everyday life on our blog at www.touchofwellnessblog.com
Hey, thanks for the follow!
Our sincere condolences to the family of M. Wayne Wolfe, age 93, former UWRF vice chancellor, who died May 6.
Thx for cOMing! MT Taking a 2.5 hr beginner yoga workshop today at Looking forward to feeling all stretched out.
RT Im going to be so happy when I check my twitter Christmas day and the giant fans aint sayin shit jets beat em 20-17
JMHS?? James Madison High School?
the most awesome cyclist of all time! Forte Tafi! From AZ
Thanx 4 the Follow Joe! AND, NOW you've seen it all...We Rok & Not Shy about it!
First win of the year!
and I really like watching that :-) !!!
Would you like free promotion? Email me at
And our EP is free for the listening and $3 for the taking on interstates.bandcamp.com
I leave for Nashville in 3 weeks. I'll work spring training starting march 2nd in maryvale, then work the season at Nashville.
yes man? Wtf is that supposed to mean?
Sex ....but only when the right
If you see something, say something ... and we'll do, nothing...
Great article in "First Impressions Start at Parking Garages"
do fake boobs count?
coming to see you at Country Jam in Eau Claire next Saturday!! Any chance for a Meet n Greet?
is your vagina getting in the way or something.
Is a boneless chicken wing just a chicken nugget for adults?
Yeah, but at least you've got a choice. Tons of miserable people stuck in either dead end jobs or no job at all...
#BarCampABQ is coming soon! woohoo! See you Saturday!
Yes, and not the first time I've complained about it with that hashtag popping up. :)
Time to watch this aggrevating show again.
THE FIRST PERSON TO FOLLOW ME WITHOUT ME FOLLOWING THEM FIRST WAS PAYTON RAE <3 YOUR AN AMAZING SINGER NEVER STOP!!
Does anyone else lose sleep wondering why Tarzan didn't have a beard??
I had such a good day. Hung out w/ friends, like old times. #memories = )
i apologize to my global class for giving you all heart attacks. by two essays i include the current event. my bad you may all chill now :)
Your hatred is my fuel☺
Im getting so fucking frustrated
since reading damnuautocorrect cannot get "i got the moobs like jagger" out of my head. such a better line btw!
awesome! Glad you enjoyed it :)
Any ladies wanna call me
ELM tree of mastery. “: Leipold: Things we control: focus, preparation, effort. It doesn't take talent to do any of these."
Woops, I meant to say "May 17" on that last post rather than "March 17".
is that in texas? Then to florence and I'm staying there
yeah we do. I want to go out for once lol. Been way to long
"What a goal by John Carlson, a good ol American kid who played in the OHL for the London Knights under Dale Hunter."
Pres. Peres to #miamimegamission - secret of Israel: Greatness is not having things but knowing how to use them.
You make me feel so blah blahblah ;b
Pianta: effective professional development for #ece #teachers can be delivered across multiple sites with consistency.
Amen, sister.
When do the hawks play next? I don't have a schedule on me RT : Yup OKC bout to put a boot in LA ass
kiss kiss
The best thing you can say to someone is that you want to grow old with them
I got ripped off buying a leprechaun costume. It have me the girl pirate above instead. How does this get fixed?
Colon cancer KILLS, you guys. Stop sticking cigarettes up your butt. It's not worth it!
I need 2 book u as a guest on my online radio show Brown Sugar N Spice...I'll holla as my launch date nears.
Talking to you and just laying in my bed!(:
Our january 15th show at Irving plaza nyc is approaching soon. Come out and waddle with us! Msg us for tickets almost sold out!!
My pain was just a down payment on my blessing!
haha i just dissed this dude on im (:
Heard of it..never played it..
Hey homey....
Lunch is a time of recuperation now. It's nice to get out of the building for a bit, so I can hear myself think.
out of school, first day wasn't bad at all. Gonna work hard because this year is gonna be tough.
i'm addicted to sex.
Extended happy hour on Fat Tuesday - 4pm to 10pm!! Yippee
woah, great word. seems like a chindōgu itself though (useful word, creates the problem of having to explain what said word means)
About to go out on the lake
Milwaukee looking forward to showing you our awesome city!!
that pop thing still takes the cake :)
Can the media please stop talking about that stupid Facebook IPO for a change? Geesh!
I suspect would say "more running, less reading graphic novels" would stop that. I say, "who needs hair anyway?"
you can reach us directly at 412-610-0692 or at if you have questions/concerns - we appreciate your patience!
So Taco Bell tacos are basically vegetarian...ha. Probably healthier than hormone-filled beef bits.
Hang in there! Like Gdad says "they always get it in the end".
#Mack Brown heads into TX Sports HOF and talks about DKR being a "father figure/big brother" to him. Catch 's story on #Fox7 @ 9:50
Have you "emotionally checked in" lately? Maybe it's been a while, but it might just do you some good.
Opinion triangulation, the chief internet survival skill
Thanks. I get that alot. I think I look better tho
King of Limbs is kind of like a whole album of House of Cards - which I totally dig!
we tried a Mexican place and another Thai place and they were both closed too, did you get a non-USA meal finally!?
Out with oomf
is there any VIP TICKETS FOR TAMPA!! need 2 know!
RT: GeorgePaul006: I watched grease for the first time.... I kinda liked it....
There's a lion on the loose from the San Francisco zoo lmao
OMG, if I get another update to my phone with someone saying its raining, I might just die.
Thursday and Friday look nice. 70's w chance of rain. Sat and Sun mid 50's.
The bright days of tyrants are over. Ghadafi should have known that this day is coming. What else is new? They never learn!
Pass it too messi
OK, went to the gym. That got the blood flowing a bit. I just may be able to make it through this day after all.
follow me 212
Lunch lunch lunch lunch yum yum yum yummy. Hope your having a great day. Milwaukee is fantastic when the sun is shining. Best city ever
Thankful For Another #Blessed Morning🙏
Forgetting at school <<
Thanks Kym!!! Happy New Year to you & your family!
#6wordstories Love is like a tortured flower.
It's the things you do when nobody's looking that define you
shooting each other with fireworks
Good luck stopping Paul Ryan's #waronmiddleclass " It was great meeting you last night as well as so many supporters!
RT : New Post: SEO + User Experience: Like Peanut Butter & Chocolate. presentation from
- Thanks for the
The agent of deserves a bonus. Neon Deion stars in two Super Bowl ads on Sunday, for Bridgestone & Century 21.
So psyched for the game tonight. My 1st playoff game since 2008! Anyone else coming out?
It was a very intense work week. I think we've all earned a weekend break. I'll be watching NCAA games. Go, 'Cats! You?
#OneThingIDontLike, how you act.
time to kick him to the curb no doubt what I would do ha ha
i love you , goodmorning baby .
definitely. and a skip-it.
John Moon will lecture and give an historic photographic slideshow about the Port of Portland. 12/6, noon-1pm in the Rines Auditorium.
ConfessionHour IS STILL TRENDING???? An hour was up a whole day ago!!!
RT : Americas got talent, saw it on Ustream awesome performance
Had a rough day with my dad in the hospital. All is good now. He's recovering and I'm content!!
PHA you better know it.
9:45am and i'm already wanting to bang my head on the desk..
#BoyzAreBack #BoyzAreBack the stage just got swag!
you also stopped following us! Damn our worthless asses for not delivering on that promise.
RANDOM listening to Lovergirl by on my way to a gig. The arrangements are so damn dope!
#messagetomyhaters without your hate, the #smashbrothers wouldn't have made it this far so thank you!
Can't waitRT : Boston Accessiblity Conference 2012 will be Sept 15 at Mark your calendars!
Re-dying my hair. :3
My heart is beating fast for the celtics
Follow ! I say Follow if you want to part of the greatest movement known to Man!!! JTP
DREAM BIG, DREAM FIERCE - Viola Davis
Surprised LeBron didn't jack the shout up
Animal House
That is rude and obnoxious.
When you're right, no one remembers. When you're wrong, no one forgets.
amanda, ashley, allison? amber?
again I am really really really truly sorry.
Dont have a socket wrench? Gaffa-tape a large wrench to a smaller one. This girl knows how to use tools :D
Sing and dance to Spice Girls
#AdobeCaptivate Figured it out. Don't use the property inspector for the review area. Use the Quiz Props... you can type multiple lines.
Meryl streep deserves it #oscars #academyawards obvious choice especially if your name is Sophie
if someone were to walk up 2 u & ask "how does it make u feel 2 have come such along way & have the fan base u have" what would u say!
Lol ian .." Does anybody else think she looks like a duck? "
I'm finally showing my face tonight Will I be seeing you !?
great work Rajinder, thanks
Ha! MT : GREAT interview wasn't it?To smile:imagine a debate between Chris Hedges and Sarah Palin!
Gearing up for public #archaeology at Lafayette Square, Bmore this weekend with
got the crabs again eh?
LOL! Guilty. Frat party > A/V issues.
you're just jealous you don't have any...
I did! I used to work for Pat at O'Malley Farm Cafe. Friday night fish fry and Sunday brunch also lines out the door.
Thanks for the kind RT!
That's what yo ass get... #Freeloader <<<< always wanting shit.. Get a job!
Dudley Square?
Bill Fletcher has the deep history of labor. So good to see him on
Pedestrians have the right of way but WTF don't walk out in front of a moving vehicle dumbass!
Joy - we have to redo all our newly created tutorials for #SP7 for #SP8. Love new interface but would have liked advance notice of change.
Question of the day: What is the value of being on the first page of Google for your business?
That's what I'm sayin! Check it out!
FACT OF THE DAY: MEXICANS IS FEARLESS!!! MUFUKASS WILL FIGHT DEATH ITSELF FOR 5DAYS A WEEK, 8HOURS A DAY & MINIMUM PAY!!
also..you should listen to "the sounds" their jamz are good dance tunes :)
Congrats Kings Speech!
I can't! I've been tested everytime! Anyways, are you ready for your presentation today?
We love your interviews :) if you could check us out and tell us what you think that would be great! Thank you :)
You up mighty late!
I hate it when I lose an argument with myself in my head.
RT Looking for an instant credibility boost? Be transparent; sign each article with your name and upload an author photo.
I never said thanks for dinner last night! Thanks Jen. Have fun abroad.
That's what's up...Is that the overseas tour?
omg my thumb hurts so bad man
Good sign when we're complaining about the quality of MMA commercials on FOX!
u already know where to find me.
should improve "processing" speed. I buy everything. I like their combos, but time-to-view results is murdering it for me.
I live in Michigan but everyone says Chives is the best restaurant in Green Bay.
I wish.
As a corgi owner I still cant approve. sat=nocufflinks RT Cufflinks are forgiven cuz they are doggie cufflinks
I'm walking down 16th St. Mall and some girl in front of me just stopped and puked all over the side walk...
is ready for the BCS National Championship: Texas vs Bama! Hook Em Horns baby!
Throw your sticks and stones
We chose Tomcat 4 our Cloud App Platform, a great choice Despite rumors of java's demise its the right cloud architecture 4 enterprise apps
Nvr texted me back so y give me ya # if u wasn't gonna text me???
yaaay!! okayy were going for my birthday ! this will be fun!
I'm gonna beat u gofing
That's totally fine. i just remember mid May and i just wanted to make sure it was all on track.
HEY U stop
Today should be a great day to go to the #lilacfest. Who's going?
Stay please D:
So apparently, if you look up my house on navigation it doesn't exist ;D
how is your coffee this morning? wanted to bring a couple of friends for that lovely espresso you guys are making
12 more days of school for Pompano
How can someone "draw a blank"?
You might be the most prolific tweeter ever!
There would be no great men if there were no little ones. -George Herbert
"Jack are you artistic?" "No, I'm not autistic..."
Your going to hell omar. RT : ooh hah shame on me.
I love Beautiful scenery in the world.
I'll alert the paramedics
Still waiting for the day unhinges her jaw and devours whole
I was just looking at that the other day... Can't believe they used that as a pull quote! Haha.
In search of Baltimore Hon wigs (5 of them)... any leads??? :)
hope all is well with your sister and mom
Aww thank you very much for the +K love!
knee deep in cirque du soliel songs, only a couple more days till my audition!
I'll be at the game at Toronto can't wait
#ShowYourHeart to those who deserve it...♥
When playing the keyboard, a good technique is to sway your head back and forth and smile, as though you were Stevie Wonder.
I get so irritable when I'm tired.
#Entertainment looking forward to a fabulous week!
I triple repeat AFPW $$$$$$BOUNCE ALERT$$$$$$$STARTING TOMORROW RSI WAY OVERSOLD! .0028----100% GAINER EASY!!!! AFPW
ahh i want it all backk
not yet
Cary Grant Nobody does it better
Happy Mother's Day , Thank you for creating an amazing son (: You're awesome !
Saw your videos, yall know how to rock a party. And me and the rest of the band used to hang at Lindeys almost everyday lol
Big storms forecasted for the weekend
Emoticons in emails? Yes or no? In other words: :) or >:(
Today Starts Restaurant Week at Blu! Still booking reservations!
omg its so good I'm in history and I'm like tearing ! Haha gr this movie is boring
Reguardless of what u might believe, these Bud Light Lime-a-rita things are not for the unexperienced drinker.... Lol
lol @ Louis. 'Theirs 7 of us, and 8 of them, so its not gonna work out.' omg <3
Home. Happily made it home before the skies opened up. Listening to the booming thunder and my cat screaming at me.
blah not sure what to do im now 5 ranks again to prestiging for my first time on my new account on mw3 should i do it? or no i went to 3
I'm crossing my fingers my eraser brains and t-shirt (two separate reasons for MLA) come before I leave.
That lil nigga on house arrest RT : I might fuck around and run into Chief Keef within the next couple weeks.
As if.
Ready for Liquid this summer? You can see me there during the day and The Bank at night
Off to Ponchos for some tequila tasting. First time I'll be trying an añejo.
Ha ha ha! Exactly!
#Artfact- The Statue of Liberty is the largest hammered copper statue in the world.
thank you so much :)
Wow! is amazing! I'm loving her music!
Tonight: Sweatbox presents: Snapshot! w/ Googly,at Jai Jai Thai (Capitol Hill) - get your techno fix - no cover - good Thai food
We're trying 2 keep u on ur toes. #speedbusters is back on 4 tonite, despite r earlier tweet. Next wk moves 2 Wednesday nights.
NEVER AGAIN!!! Let us all remember Yom Hashoah and make sure that we never allow the memory to fade
I need me some new clothes, Furrealz!
The trouble with doing something right the first time is that nobody appreciates how difficult it was.
it's annoying when scrolling through facebook newsfeed and seeing THE SAME EXACT PERSON like it everytime.
Next up, 'Fat Kid Rules the World' @ Alamo Village
Another overcast day in LA. Where is summer?
#IfIWonTheLotto I wouldn't have to worry about money anymore. I'd be able to finish up my Computer Science Degree by full-time school.
did you feel lifted up and encouraged yesterday? Thanks to daily devo... Praying for you. Jer 3:15
Turns out i'd rather work for those in the hood than those in the country club any damn day.
Don't have to take Macroeconomics!! Needed a 50 to pass the CLEP and I got a 51
Good luck broski!
I like LL but can't help hearing "kool thing walking like a panther" whenever I see him.
Looking for a Sr. Business Analyst for a defined Access development project - expert in SQL & SAS skills. 2 month assignment
Getting a haircut. Finally.
Q3 via Do you prefer travelling with a package tour or on your own? Why?
My thought exactly. What are the sources of funding? RT: Someone near the microphones needs to ask about budgets for these!
SO glad that Arya had so many scenes tonight, and SO excited to see more Jaquen H'ghar next week!
Funny the research topic of the week this past week was Haberdashery. Go figure. Now that's not one you'll see our FB regularly.
2011 in Review-2 pilots,in 2 mags, on 1 radio show, best actress nod,got a freelance Agent, 2off bway shows,great coach
im so sleepy now.. good night. Clinic Tomorrow at 8am..
draw something. You drew a star cat. But that is not an option.
Nope, how about yours? Does your job suck?
I love that Romney called gay marriage "a very tender and sensitive topic" today.
Is it me or was every big time actress and actor on #friends makes me more obsessed with the show
Thanks for the great review, yes we do deliver: 305-573-4535. Order online from Fri-Sun and get 15% discount on your delivery
Judas Priest Call James Durbin 'Idol' Cover 'Dream Come True'
Had a great time w/ at their candidates luncheon. Now on my way to the NANC forum.
that little boy probably just wants to play a game of dodge bat #DUH ;D
i do lol
Woo hoo! I just shared this link w/ alums from my book publishing grad program. Would LOVE to hear more about Writter.ly sometime.
Thanks in no small part to the beers you import! Appreciate the shoutout, and can't wait to see you at BV again!
not sure. We'll tell you if we find out.
Want to advertise in our "Summer Camp" issue? Now is the time! Deadline for all ads is March 10th! Contact:
Would you like to hear what others are saying about my Bible study? I always wonder if RT comments is a brag. What do you say? Be honest!
Fight with all your heart and you will succeed.
I don't control the birds.
Hey, thanks for connecting. I used to have a friend in HS that had one of the original "Plum Crazy". Pretty fast ride.
This is the Car of the Day. Because we said so. We take orders from no one in this venue. Masters of our Domain, we are:...
You Ughh' No Mf I Already Had That BeFor
hey plzz follow me
5000 friends on Facebook, follow me on twitter though.
So yea im good I know I went ghost for a while on twitter.
Please check your messages
Give light and people will find the way. ~Ella Baker ~ lets shed some light today in the land of zombies~ make it a good one
you are NOT the father... I love that
semester almost done, can't wait to see you!!!
Again with the icon? You're killing me slowly, just so you know..
Landed! Now, where can I get a good Philly cheesesteak?
That awful noise it made. That god awful noise.
Down by double digits ..fuck it we'll come back
Damn... came strong... Fun times at CHR
let me know if you still need a place to stay, I am trying to buckle down some weekend plans, but you are more than welcome
[Titus2:13]Let's daily look for the glorious appearing of our Lord ChristJesus & let's tell all of our loved ones we love them, while we can
Is there such a thing as bad santa porn?
RIP babygurl RT : So weird to hear them say one of "8 planets in our solar system".
Doing my thing. Pushing the envelope, making movie magic. ;)
ermm idk, I'm on my iPhone right now lol let me check
Im just warming up, lol!
Happy Monday RT : "You keep your heart above your head and your eyes wide open" Zac Brown Band-great motto for school & life
Kevin Hart isn't even funny
Thank you for the interest..please email us at
Yes I am also running #FontanaHalf and
I get it now hahaha 😂
RT Follow and Retweet for a chance to #WIN a $100 Amazon Gift Card!
I didn't watch this twerk video when y'all were RTing it this weekend. I'm watching it now. Smh.
" I was like: I had twenty beers! They'll be like: Nikki six drank heroin from a fire hose. Yeah I'm a huge pussy."
Adrien Brody aways looks like how a magician looks the moment he says "ta-da!"
Noted Speakers will guide you through #enlightenment processes that have never been given before
Clean shaven lets grow this dirt beard
Woke up smiling
#WhatIMissMost the simplicity of being a kid.
crazzyyy! I remember :) www.facebook.com/iamdanieldavid <--- you gotta add me on there tho! Just incase that happens again
Wow, that's some good company. Thanks! RT : I read
nice in high yea i fuck wit 2 chainzzzzz
Can u send them.
Stick on dat bitch den lol": He bet not bring that bitch to the banquet cuz she can get her as beat there too"
SRI testing in language arts today
there is very little to reach the 50,000 followers =)
This game is crazy
adding goat cheese and green onions to boxed mac and cheese, omfg
interval training!
I am confident bike seat design involved genius. It just did not involve consideration of anatomy.
Currently watching Jeff Johnson's Non-Stop Traffic Formula. I'm sure he's a great guy but his sing-song delivery is really annoying.
no, I'm king of the world!
welcome my dude. couldn't be happier to have you in the backfield. RT?
Well, the CR-V isn't a rare Ferrari. Not even close. And doesn't he have any friends? Seems like a creepy middle-aged man.
Wishes she could make it to the IDSA international conference!
A young Hindenburg crew member survived the jump when the ship made a slight bounce. He then served in German military.
I have already started you.
lol jealous . I dont haha ..what chu been up to , its been like 2 years
thats what makes you interesting:-)
#AskBieber How do you pick where to go for the believe tour?
If you don't like my words, don't listen. If you don't like my appearance, don't look. If you don't like my actions, turn your head
Yeah! She's a fellow at RCAH...you should meet up with her.
In the end, all you have is your reputation.
I'm at home but there's still work to do...
I rock the spot like im half leopard
To all, we need your support to.spread the word then come out to EVERCLEAR AT dobbs Wed night 7pm, Reminder, Artist VIP cards do not apply.
y do think bruno mars has never seen JERSEY SHORE
Thinks that would make a great #VMAHost...PS he's available!
Life is short... smile while you still have teeth. ;)
Using the c**t word and douche(fillintheblank) to describe bad behavior is misogynist.
omg remember that one time when we gave ur mcdonalds toy to the cashier at DQ when u handed the money? HAHA
jaw knee music
Woot! Just had a GREAT weekend with and now it's time to get to work. No show tonight; Get Him To The Greek press showing!!
“: Why do the people that should never reproduce have the most kids?!?!” RT they're too stupid to realize it...
My Philadelphia 76ers balled tonight and kicked the doodoo out of the Boston Celtics tonight!
I love how you promise me we'll go to Cashion and then you go without me.... I've wanted to go since I was 9... I wanna cry now.. Thanks...
then i preordered the movie and shit and at tht time it was 6 30 so i went outside w/ john and played Frisbee for an hour
My songs are about my experiences. So don't get offended when all my songs are about "our [now ended] friendship" & the pain i went through.
We all love Peacock and and we'll try some simple editing that could solve this "interesting" songs controversy.
I am ready for the leaves to start falling and cooler temps....not ready for darkness to fall sooner.
Houston Texans waive wide receiver Jacoby Jones after 5 seasons, just 31 catches in 2011
Today has been very productive.. Cuddle with , feed puppies, go to work, and tell people I love them
no, no, it's about someone in here. Not you
"XYZ" - Third Grade Me
Thanks so much! Looking forward to it :)
The sinuses are doing funky things today. Glad there are plenty of leftovers in the fridge for supper. Hint, hint
RT : Thanks for our sake cheat sheet RT! (Say that three times fast!) ^♥♥♥!
I am ALWAYS there for Saving Earth..Lets Unite!!!! Our Mother Planet needs us!
Guy: SUCK IT! Girl: Sorry, small objects are a choking hazard.
How many of you have made amends with someone recently? If you haven't is there anyone that you would like to with?
There will always be thousands of people to tell you it can't be done.
you coming up on 2000 I better get it
Just keepin' it real ya'll....Right here in Tennessee..... ;-)
I love British people.
1030am to 230pm recording session in the #platinumsuite and now a 6pm to 9pm production session in the #writingroom at
Yes, it all makes sense now. (BTW, did you see James Parker is a finalist for a National Magazine Award?)
We will be back on the air for Game 1 of the NBA Playoffs.
don't be like that , tex me .
Heat blaze Spurs melt
If I could walk on water, tell you what's next, make you believe, make you forget
Loving Metro Station. I always seem to get into bands after they stop being popular.
How am I gaining weight when I weigh 110 pounds lol god one
Looking forward to #heat #bulls tonight !!!
follow back
Just saw headline saying "star abruptly ends interview". But it's about Megan Fox. Kind of stretching the use of "star" there...
A new Adventure Time! :D
... MT : Steve King likens Tony Perkins 2 Davy Crockett, fight over marriage equality 2 Texas Revolution, Alamo
Dear John is my favorite movie. And also My favorite song <3 Aww that movie never gets old. I cry every time.
{I like them}
This is what I hear when my teacher talks womp womp womp
Ah thank you soo much!! Can't wait to get the stuff!! And you tweeted me... Holy shit!
You are welcome! Hope you have a great day! Talk soon! :)
My schools dance class just did a flash mob to Nicki Minaj's song Starships!!! It was awesome(: shoulda recorded it...
Watching a Metallica documentary, what a good Friday night
What about Silicon Valley parodies? Surely makes the list.
chillin dude, just trying to get it in
Just got my first set of products...speedstraps, snoot and gel kit...can't wait to use them!!
My mama and daddy so lame
sure. but maybe you know its cousin by a different name?
one of those'little devils' is at my house now!!
I'm so proud of myself for having basic middle school/high school knowledge and passing the test for the hospital job.... I'm a GENIUS!
I wish my mom didn't live 1000 miles away...
shopping for furniture is so much more difficult than shopping for shoes, which is what I'd rather be doing!!!
Ive sky+d the VMAs , but not that bothered - Americans - meh !
so awesome! Enjoy yourself and have a wonderful time.
I know one thing for sure, God knows best and has a plan and purpose for it all!
Remember how we could talk for hours? Now we can barely look at each other
Bout to take a nice nap! Lol im so sleepy
I have alot on my mind i don't feel like being bother right now -_-
It is 2011 and they're still using Viewdata?
Playing with Kendra Chantelle, Amanda Broadway, and Trista Mabry at Hotel Indigo West End in Nashville, TN tonight!!! :)
give me a call tomorrow I'm trying to pass football again
Thanks :) They work for a bunch of big record companies so a lot of it is music related. So i'm happy.
Yea Casillas!!!! good save!!!
The gig is up, visitors. Not only do we have lovely convention and sporting venues in Indy, but occasional tornados too!
I don't really have anything to do until it's time to start drinking again...
yes it was. Totally not the champagne of beer
yeah....about that no we couldn't throw it the ocean maybe 2 threes it was a strug fest
Enjoy deals at bars with the California Express VIP Card, call now to join 619.226.1121
it always rains on my drive home :(
Lots of great ideas being pitched at #scdsm. It will be hard to choose a winner.
Go home, come back to school, finish this paper and work out
If he live up to the hype yeeeeaaa buddy
Music has many dimensions,some are "sacred" most are NOT....
follow me back?:)
Good sleep weather 😌
A good day of bowling, friends, and ice cream. Oh, and swinging. Lots of swinging.
Yes and No lol Cause someone will always feel different from you and views #Good conversation I enjoyed that
cleaning my room is always a bitch.
A failed experiment has me somewhat disappointed, but not defeated. I hope I don't mess up too many materials learning from this mistake.
Agreed. Weak. RT : Mad Men stole an hour from all of us tonight. All of us.
I just wanna know when there's going to be a book signing in NY...or PA.
ehhh I think I'll go amazon anyways, even if they matched they don't have a pre-order bonus. I've never ordered online before
haha, I've always wondered about that. I mean, how often do you eat at Capriotti's? ;) create it now so you're mayor!
While corn husks are traditional, banana or plantain leaves are used in tropical Mexico, like Oaxaca- try our tamales Oaxaqueños.
neither do I. Can she teach us?
man you must be getting old
The ref saw the hit he flinched when a pad was going to hit him.
Step yo game up
Well that was a first...
Fuck living in la Mirada no thank you ,
But i guess it gives me something to tweet about
Inside && Out
Writing an article on best practices on effectively delegating responsibilities to your team members. Looking for comms pros to quote.
Yep.. we're done.
Yup. Something is definitely wrong here #theworldwelivein RT : $8 for grapes? that's 40 chicken nuggets...
just had the chance to watch your Live @ 7 from last night - wow! Thx for your incredibly kind words about PHAME!
still trying to figure how to wk it :(
i hate the new #facebook look
Next big thing: video game called "Mass Affect," where we all log into XBox Live & share our feelings in a virtual outer space.
Yes! #werk #bookit #photography RT : New Headshots by on order at #ArgentumPhoto - Let's do this!!!
RT : Need your credit cleaned up. I have the effect person for you....what's up with it
Beauty is the first present nature gives to women and the first it takes away
Oh hello
Is trying to get to focus.
What program do you use for editing if I may ask?
The Republicans have NO SHAME.
Thanks for sharing!
phew... been working on new material with Spence. Can't wait to start recording at the end of March in Florida!
Justin Bieber is sexy !!!!! #BoyFriend <3
sorry! It will get better, I promise!
#FF , T's style & beauty director and future Twitter phenom, no doubt.
Happy Mother's Day! I hope you are having a splendid day!
Screw Axel for not showing up! As long as you hear Slash tear it up all the G-N-R you
They say two wrongs won't make it right but it's suiting me just fine
Bard no-hitter gone in 2nd. Might as well go home.
I checked and replied.
I'm about to fucking flip, I'm so pissed.
Let's get it Orioles
So bored!! Chillin at my gma house, got dignosed with bronicitus... so took some meds and coughing.. nothing good on tv.. this sucks
I have no where to rant anymore. Maybe I'll make another twitter for that.
Sugar fenna get knocked out.
Studying my Script, we start Shooting Early Saturday Morning. Much Respect to TnG Films Director Terence Gordon.
RT : Tragedy: (Almost) no one will experience the joy of watching the Apple Tablet announcement ON an Apple Tablet.
Congrats! I am so behind!
Creativity vs budget - SEO & Social Media efforts can be implemented yielding high results on the long run, specially when PPC budget is low
going fashion crazy. Need a makeover asap. Wanna help me?
Always interested in ex-cons who've turned their lives around. Use the contact page on Going-Straight.com.
I can't wait to lol.
82 Americans are killed by gunfire every single day. Today over 80 families are mourning a death that could have been prevented.
I just saw a lady wearing a shirt that said "Swagga Mom"
Snails are moving faster than me today. I blame the ice cream cake.
Welcome to my world. I'm doing accounting, in between my social media addiction. Ps. I got some dates in July, too.
Unofficially yours...officially great movie!
Back to the basics!
🏧🏧🏧🏧🏧 RT : The mouth of a jellyfish is also the anus.
RT : "Restore Civility Now! ... or at your earliest convenience." ||
WTF! How does Brown get a penalty on that?! Smith is a REAL piece of shit. I'm really starting to hate that guy...
#northpark is only overrated when I'm out of town. I've kept that hood real since 84'.
plz u gotta put and all other artists in #TheUnionNetwork in ur rotation!
You mad bro?
New markdowns in Men's & Shoes Women's and Kids apparel, Accessories and more oh my. So much for so little!
wish they would have kept the time the same. can't get the kids and get anywhere by 6. Really want to see a reserve game!
Ouch that workout just killed me!!!
Ha!! We were talking about this ridiculous young adult book I read awhile back called, "Wanna Go Private?" and DMing.
My twitter makes me lol
Dude Mohawk dry as hell
7 days yes seven days until the best show ever starts!! So excited!! Esp since steven tyler has joined! Hopefully my rockers represent!!
I feel ya! Mines is more of a Whackberry than a Blackberry or Crackberry. I hate it!
currently at the soft opening of cinebarre. open bar. roll through y'all
i am so getting a tshirt ah im so excited about ordering it tmw/follow me
Ok thought I lost a fantastic dress for tomorrows SFW show- thank you Hotel Indigo for finding it! I will bring you cookies tomorrow!
I just read that is leaving! Say it with me: DON'T GO! And best of luck!!
“I am not a has-been. I am a will-be.”
These days, something is only ironic if it' not.
Hoe am i in tripple jump tho? When i do it i land in the black, not supposed to happen...
Can I be your translator? お願いします！お世話になる！Translation: Japan loves you!
Good time to stay indoors and look at my frozen pond outside!
Welcome back from San Diego...
They would be in a state of... (puts on shades) Anger.
miss you too, mini! Beyond bummed that I'm not there :(
isn't this more of an issue with the NCAA itself rather than with how Bo Ryan is enacting these rules?
Should have worn rain approved sneakers.
One of my alltime favorites Just perfect.
#ThoughtsWhileRunning shoot me...
thanks for the retweet :)
hmm no, I hate you :)
Justin Will Always Be Our Hero ... of course i love <3
Thanks for asking about our ramen specials. We have had several different ramens on our rotating specials for a year or so.
Why I love following : They remind me of the #JesseOwens special I wanted to watch!
don't tell him about
Looks like the Packers bought a machine gun to shoot themselves in the foot as much as possible...Pack let the Bears score here?
thanks man.. Was it IOBY? The client will be stoked
Getting ready for my gig at the Hilton Universal - 7 to 10pm, come say hi.
Ima Leave Them Legs Shaking And Pussy Throbin
- We need AT LEAST 15 more volunteers by Fri. Could you give us a tweet-out?
Pattie sees us as a normal fanbase. Scooter, Jeremy & Justin know that we're a little pervy. But Alfredo knows how we REALLY are.
We are new (to twitter), but just had the #BlogTourNYC bloggers in our showroom!
195k ish at dinner break. Have a pretty tough table considering the field left.
Chilling at house. She feeding me well
#MUCat T. Delsey core elements in RDA have a rationale! (based on mapping of elements in FRBR in context of user tasks)
Very cool but I'm waiting for Ferengi Monopoly.
Back from White Eagle lunch break. Trying to get off the red meat. Pro tip: the Wilbur Burger with garden burger patty subbed is very tasty!
You truly are a blessing on this earth and a wonderful mother and friend
I love microsoft office 2010
but i don't want to wake up at 2am! or 3am!
Yeah no doubt. I'll be home around 7 just hit me up
yes please
Soo mad right now?!?! Anyways! I have a dentist app. Tomarrow..:/ scared might have to get braces!! Then people will call me brace face -_-
No ones messing with my sock/slipper game today, call me the young RGIII
Banquet day!
ok lol......we need to show these young cats how to do it lol
Pho after practice could be the greatest idea ever imagined...in the history of this world.
Session not a good 3pt shooter, so that's kinda the whole plan by Karl, but still, it's really noticeable. See Kobe bringing it up now?
Young the Giant, dudes!
My mother just wished me a happy birthday in the Facebook comments to a Nate Dogg video.
I win!
"Turns out I already have these shoes...actually thats not really funny" #CongratsJB :D
Performing tonight at the Harlem Tavern with the sugartone brass band. 7-10 free 99
Wore the white uniform today, so proud that I didn't get it super dirty. #success. 😌
when your sideblog has more followers than your actual blog #thelife yay bitch3s
ha, mom said same thing when searching for me on videos. I was kneeling a lot to get out of press shots, so it's no wonder! :)
Thank you somehow I knew he would. Thanks again for a great article. As a runner and a father it was really inspiring.
We're donating 15% of our sales from today back to CARES! Stop by Paesanos Midtown and support a great cause!
omg!! Im watching that! That was hilarious!!! Lol :D
cataloging Lewis Baltz photographs makes me especially grateful I didn't move to Orange County.
take a photo of the game and upload to Earn cash.
RT : workplace, culture, diversity, mentoring, VET, IT, training, web, course materials, Sydney.. Bio:
Thinking I should delete my fb page...at least until after elections.
You know i can't dance, but i can dance on ya
yeah! Wait, what?
Yep - sorry, made the correction. :)
Overheard someone say she will now only buy gas at BP stations: "they need the money for the clean up."
Serenity now, insanity later.
sure thing. look forward to reading more!
O Ghost Hunters, i am not scared... all amazon here..
ugh.HOMEWORK.i hate it so much i have to finish a 230 word story
I've gotta go with the wedge RT : if you could be any simple machine, which one would you be?
love the new design and content- looks great!
all the great movements started with just ONE person being brave and bold and cheeky.
You guys are making me feel bad for being bored by Austerlitz when I read it 9 years ago. Maybe I'll try it again.
That was an incredibly emotional game, still so proud of SC
me neither! would love to see you before i leave town!
Forget the project!
I love this song cuz I get so stay with my dad until new years and I haven't seen him since he got stationed in hawaii!!!
on the lake
Semi-irregular, bathroom-mirror rock-star,Network Marketer, Crimefighter, overeater, lovingleader, Guitarist
Good stuff.
yeah??? Hope it wasn't that bad!!!!
crater lake was cool. hi california! almost at weed, ca
I will give $100 to anyone who wins a trophy at the karate championship, places in the dance competion, AND wins a raffle at
Me too! Let's plan for next week. RT : so happy I got to see you last night!
Thanks! great to hear :)
OH: I'm used to drinking out of a fire hose, but #drupalcon was like drinking Multnomah Falls.
Check out new exhibit #Crossroads at NU's Gallery 360 now through June 1st!
Thanks. No one knows how he died either. Someone found him in his apt, lying on the floor dead. He was just 46. ;(
Yes! LOVED the books! They did a much better job of sticking to the books LAST season, still enjoying , though!
we still watching jerry springe today ? Lol.
Oh yeah. Here it is. Hold on to your hats. Always escape file paths in code.
On my way to a Grammy party. I can't wait to see what is wearing
First st pattys day being 21....should be interesting 🍀🍻
I'm very lucky 2b here I nearly died 2k9 b/c of laws a state threatening succession over #Heath care & need more surgery b/c
Gonna go to FIU to sell my books
RT : Whoa! Power's out at 49ers stadium!!
Free Shots at every PACKER TD, 1/2 off Pizza Slices during half time and $2 Domestics / $1 PBR !! And as always we've got KILLER Bloodies !
what a pimp!
How much $$ would congressional offices save if they ditched windows and microsoft and moved to linux and Libreoffice?
ReStore recycles home improvement goods in Siouxland - Sioux City Journal
you got it;)
Right now my kitchen is cleaner than it's been for a couple of years.
Just got back from our first day in the studio and everything's sounding sweet. So excited for everyone to hear!
You are always able to see your nose. Your brain just chooses to ignore it.
Hey! What are you doing tomorrow at 2PM? Come to St. Pious to watch UNM and the NM Brujos rugby match!
I thought I saw your reflection in a cigarette machine
Ok so I'm an official fan of supra's smh
At least Truex gave it everything he had... twice.
We're having our First Annual Pig Roast actually. You coming to Texas?
Good morning! :)
Aw, that isn't fun at all. I hate flying!
I'm glad I have a phone since so many ppl want to talk to me.. Oh wait.. Lol
It's great to know that more people are pulling in the same direction.
Thanks for following! I'd love to help others and pay it forward. I'd love to get rich and give back!
(with caveat that I'd need to go look it all up again, etc etc)
Will you and #mpm family be at Pure Friday?
Welcome! RT : Chicago Laugh Factory is checkin in! RT : Woo just 3 minutes!
Back from data center with the forever backups
RT : Based on ratings, Ds need to keep all seats currently leaning to them and win all tossups and most "leans R" seats to win House
why do dominican guys insist on wearing aeropostal???
i need a better new years its 2012 bitch!!!
Rare Palm Trees Foster Botanical Garden
Follow me ill follow back rt
Ambassador Joseph - Politicians need to ask what we can do with the elderly instead of about the elderly.
And by scary, you mean hilarious. RT : Something scary about putting Sarah Phillips first in my "Who to follow" list.
I think the audio tape is of the president and Olivia. Sent by the 1st lady. That would be EPIC!
agree. Advantage --> you!
R E T W E E T : If your love cookiemonster T - shirt
Would be excited about finding software bug, except support tells me I need to submit a feature request for something that should JUST WORK.
drop it like it's hot. drop it like it's hot.
I never intended to be this chick... brick throwing... after being chased, I've been dismissed...
Either of you, let me know when you're in Madison next and I'll take you out for coffee or lunch!
me too! Hope we're right!
Beer is the reason I get out of bed every afternoon.
Juice cleanse, day one, first few hours, everyone keeps talking about hot wings
to cop.for u?
Unfortunately, there are no beds in this Terminal.
Did Tara Booby Set up Stone Cold Willow up For Failure
Bumpin and he ain't even tweeting back!
God always makes a way no matter how hard things may seem keep the faith follow me ;)
#DailyQuote: "The dog was created especially for children. He is the God of frolic." - Henry Ward Beecher
lmfaooooo thats a dope ass middle name
hey do Lauren and Reyna need tickets for your graduation?
agreed! great ending to a wild and woolly day.
with yeah ha in flex
oh you will be fine. If you have any questions let me know. Btw we are imperial on that server.
happy holidays Jenn.
Sometimes its hard to follow your heart..
Malbec To The Future
Pump it up, waukesha, an inflatable play ground party place. Steph is beautiful, and it shows in her children.
: Thanks for stopping by! Did you see anything you liked?
> Don't be hatin' on the moon. It's got a lot of pull.
I'm not gonna hang out with fucking potatos all day, Portland's starting to sound better now..
#WeLoveCody #MyDirectionIsOneDirection tweet me these to trends and ill follow yew asap!!!! # NoJoke
#IfICouldIWould Go back in Time right around that time....I Fu*ked up
So far I am LOVING Julie Bowen's dress at The Emmy's....you? Look for my complete best and worst picks tomorrow at mmagazinemilwaukee.com!
2 ALL MY PEEPS, HAPPY NEW YEAR!!! TAKING THE NIGHT OFF 2 SPEND W/FRIENDS & FAMILY. HAVE AN AWESOME 2012 :)
thanks for the mention!
Austin lives 5 hours away from me. Now he's going to be 5 states away from me! I live in TEXAS!!
it may be available online too
and Jim Gaffigan secret show at Gotham Comedy Club! Quality Monday.
Thanks so much for coming in, and we hope to see you again very very soon ;)
I could really get use to cracking open a cold one every night lol
whatever works girl!!! You can do it!!
wish i were there :)! one of the most beautiful places on earth :)!
why did u unfollow me, i was about to give you a shout out
Ohh snap!! Another men in black movie coming out
Sleep music is Jack Johnson's Brushfire Fairytales. Goodnight, Twitter.
I want to get another tattoo soon
People Hate On Jay-Z But He's Opening Up The Doors For Young Entrepreneurs To Do WTF They Want
Hope everyone has a safe and awesome new years! We have BIG hopes for this year!
Hey! We're holding auditions Saturday February 18th from 2-8 at the Crowne Plaza Philadelphia Main Line! Hope to see you there!!
Finally found my way over to the #MobileProcessing conference. Squee!
lol chads my boy. I haven't seen him in forever
Ok so last night was a big misunderstanding, nothing happened
#SongsYouHaveToDanceTo ANY LMFAO SONG!!! ITS LIKE A RULE Y'KNOW!!
Like this status if your stomach is growling.
Me too! Hadn't had any for awhile! :-)
Yes, thank you for the correction:)
There is your buzzer beater - Flyers over Pens at buzzer in OT.
Inspired by of at #SM4NP. Friends with August birthday's- you may be receiving a birthday donation on your behalf.
Got a call from my dad as he was literally on a gondola in the Venetian Grand Canal in Italy. Technology makes jealousy much easier.
hey lady, i just tried to comment on your blog, but it didn't show up. did it go to your spam folder?
Im a mile away from the exit.... And some guy had to get in accident heree fmllll......
i luv u
Classic Lauren.
YOU ARE
f this place lol
I lasted for 3 min on FB. Pretty sure Google+ is where I am staying.
Seamless simple on the spot presentations from files hosted in the cloud. RT : Interesting. Why?
#lrncampphx Nov 17 Exec Learning Forum focus is talent mgt / workforce development challenges 4 Phoenix Organizations.
U R Strong, Wise, a Protector, and Wealthy!
Same here, if my hammy and shoulder agree with that… :)
Fav album by the Creepiest Creeper in Music, Mr. David Bowie
Wait.... is britney gonna be an xfactor judge or not?
Actually was fairly painless once inside the About 15 mins. The line outside was brutal though...now back to work!
the fair starts this week!!! love the arizona state fair !!! :-)
What to do today
The bible is dependable; it’s reliable, and therefore it is trustworthy. Open it! IT IS USEFUL!
The Zep? Really? Okay, okay...I'll try. (gulp) #howthehellamigoingtocoverthis?
I'm chilling watch my video new shite get with it or get lost to much holla back
So the Orioles are history?
good job for not including his hash tag all that sharing and rt is just adding fuel to his fire
Holyy shit! Bro did you see that dude on americas got talent hooking he's eyes on the coffee thingy
At the #Copyright Office for #DMCA anti-circumvention hearings.
Are you a Leap Year Baby? Stop into for a free cupcake of your choice!! Special little baby!!
I hope you'll enjoy your new ocarina.
harry shearer interview coming up now, then heading to Storm's video shoot, sun/beer by the pool and soapbox derby meeting. oh happy day!
hahahaha! What's up Phil! We SHUT-DOWN the.....
Don't forget to vote in the DC primary elections!
Haha so when is the kibitzing happening again ? Also hope saturday's shows went well!
Thanks for following Poised Creation on Twitter!!
If I were describing the peculiarities of 's poetics (i.e. ubiquity of SunChips) what is the adjectival form? Bogostian? Bogostive?
so make the best out of today because tomorrow not promised!
Merry Xmas to all my Friends and Family !!
so true. i got it but hose in furnace room freezes. have to unthaw until i can turn it bk on. #monkeyjackin lol
shout out to this epic saauuwwwce
Chicago Bands!! Open slots on May 26th!
3-4 with a sacrifice. 3 RBI's. Triple, double, and a single. We won 14 to 4.
Front Desk Friday: Writing grant proposal 4 UV blocking film 4 some of doors and windows. Baked docent not a gr8 1st impression 4 visitors.
Who NY Giants win! 🏈
I love idea: If you're not sure about honoring or condemning Paterno, consider donating to a charity that protects children.”
oh really I did not know
We won't be publishing any articles this week so if you have any questions make sure you tweet us!
nice legs Jamie
Pianos Become The Teeth always give me that depress feeling of death. I like it.
Happy Easter!
Yes! If you don't you'll regret it later.
Ha! This is 5 blocks from my crib! Imma slide thru!
My man has been there since 95. I swear a dude got shot across the street at like 2am. The cops didn't come for almost an hour. SMH
On our way to the venue super stoked to rock especially sense we get two free bottles of sin vodka!!!
The More I freestyle the more creative I get wit the flow...Damn,Think I Need a studio Show
see u there w
... you're getting spammed ... hard
Iswear I fucking LOVE isabel so much!!!! ♥ gawdd, imma miss her so much! Lmaooo☺ she always finds a way to keep me up & going ♥♥♥♥♥♥
lol yea get it we can be hello kitty twins >:D
That sounds great! RT: We have 1 ticket left to sponsor, If you girls are down we would be happy to sponsor for
It will also lower your IQ a good 15-20 points.
Ctahncnab, thanks for following!
yay! we can't wait to see you too :) RT Stoked to see yall on Friday!!!
so excited for this-->RT : Tonight is my favorite ONCE ep for Emma so far! And Sebastian Stan is amazing as the mad hatter!
Ready. TEDdy. Go!
the innbetween should be open later before finals
Which burger did you order?
wena u killing me yong #DeathByLaughter in the bus going to the wiLD...)
Rehearsals just became possible tonight! Time to fine tune for Friday!
hey guys. Megan, you are close..Brad Schneider is running for the House of Reps. So, what's the debate?
Over 60 people at the litte tokyo community forum at the jaccc!? WOW! More than any of us expected! Yes we can support our community & ...
": I want some good head in this cold weather"
Lifetime Movies and Jims breakfast sandwiches. Great start to a Saturday before work.
it sounds cool!
Cn you guys please please follow me ???????<3
Great #Pacers win!
Hahah cross that one off the list
Yeayyyyy repeats! Never gets old. :)
Score! I will be in touch.
Can Wade score some points instead of being a punk?
Hailey Anne Nelson's sleeping now finally. Her epidural wore off today, was a rough day.
you guys were awsome in vegas, and nice meeting you at the meet and great man good shit
Ha! I think I've seen her since then.
you should have gone pre-paid so you could take a managed step back into the mobile world.
Thursday people, what's good in Nashville for you tonight?
because they need to justify their fees. 7 days feels like A LOT OF WORK. PAY US OUR MONEY!
Life never stops
LOBO NATION Invaded the Thomas and Mack Center today. The success continues. WE ARE NEW MEXICO!
Dear internet. Stop being ridiculous and load my video so I don't have to watch 2 seconds, then pause, then 2 seconds. Seriously.
Hey! Haven't been on Twitter in a while! I think DMPD said search warrant was for drugs in that fall last week.
yeah we live kinda close to each other :D
All good girls love bad guys
"Great acts are made up of small deeds." - Lao Tzu
Spot trending now in Des Plaines, IL: Starbucks - H6 - Starbucks (live updates)
malbec in the house
aye fam, follow back ?! :)
This Friday its going down! B Day Bash inside Club 1616. 1616 E 15th st LA. Ladies free & bottle specials till 11.
I wish I could go to Too bad I don't live close to there.....
be on the look out in the next couple days son
WOW I would have loved to be a fly on the wall! Tell your girls I miss them!
I keep looking at my calender hoping it will motivate me to want to go to school and finish strong but...its not working lol.
yes, he's very lucky! She crocheted him a blanket, too. He loves it.
i aint even finna lie both the kings games ive been to this year the kings was going ape shit and got the win!
Workers have never claimed such a paltry share of real national income growth.
Wow... Awesome they didn't grab the expensive items, but lame that they got the books. Poor resale value, but expensive to buy!
We are the unwilling, led by the ungrateful, something something something.
You mean the gross portapottys?
thanks. I did c u under museums, how can I get our major visiting exhibition under fresh brew. Would be a great addition.
Oh no! Sending get better wishes!
is hating visio right now ...
Can't listen to without rockin out. Sorry other people on my train. At least I'm a good singer.
yup! So I might have put some salt in the marinade instead of waiting until grilling. But I think it will be ok!
can we make a date...make it happen, Ben. make it so.
trying to imagine LA drivers in London.... not a bloody chance mate... in a city where EVERYONE drives... NO ONE can drive... wow.
If you liked 's Third Spaces presentation, you should take COMM 668 on Spaces in Fall 2012.
Good strikeout by Soriano
There is no room in poetry for the hashtag
Here at Hein are already starting to gear up for AALL 2012! Hope to see everyone in Boston!
I'll catch u on the next go round. Hope y'all enjoyed urself's.
« There is something about a #Scorpio that makes you want to share your secrets with them.»
Bowling with my favorites!! 😊
Cleaning the carpets in the house today. So any future visitor's #ShoesOff at the door
I am so confused:(
Im ready for Green and Gold Today with and I think there is something worng with the live stream tho.
is a NY Jet - let the games begin!
Yes, I'm a pilot. Thoroughly enjoy traveling with the family. Thanks for asking.
He's Sweet I Know!
MERRY CHRISTMAS!!! :)
fair enough. I suppose I meant anything that would be annoying to have to replace, like debit cards :)
You can't call a car 'adorable' if it's a Race Car. It just doesn't work that way.
Another massage. Is this real life?
Fergie’s smash hit single “Glamorous” just popped up on the office Pandora. This was once my ringtone. How do I have any friends?
LP is in studio pursuit! I know its felt like we've been in the studio for a whileb ut good things come to those who wait....you'll see -Ash
TROLL HARD SON. RT : I wish trolling was a full time job.
ehh! :/ it was alright!! My last essay was so bad. :(
The awkward moment when people spell "come" as "cum".
One hour until #MyManGodfrey starts! I love you 
u coming over
We just got over a pretty terrible cold. My two little guys sounded terrible. No fun!
The best investment you can make is the investment in yourself
Watching at #imediasummit they just launched something called conversion buddy..sounds cool.
Happy birthday to all you Feb 29 people go wild you only celebrate your b'day once every 4years !! :D
Need a change of scenery ASAP! Someone save me
:: Ummpt , Smdh I Mad That I Forgot What He Said Bout You Thoo .
where u at? not here.
RETWEET IF U HAVE Bieber Fever
Philly Bound bout to go prom shopping
yea i need that leg room.. :)
If it was a I really want to take this gotta go - I get that but a I have to take some frivolous tells me I'm not valuable.
haha yea, we don't have to pay for them b/c we are born with them! Maybe they just don't understand that.
thanks for the follow. Now following back :)
Suh is clearly a dirty player and a liar. Doesn't say much for his character. One more serious infraction = indefinite suspension
Do you watch Shark Tank?
Delicious dinner - Peruvian pork tenderloin (thx to my grillmeister ) & spicy pineapple salsa on corn tortilla.
Did you watch the Golden Globes last night?
Towns and park today?
Can't KAL without yarn. Hook me up!
Welcome to Twitter, Dawn!
Trailer is out, 2nd cut almost done on "Come Morning". Festival ready pretty soon. Yippee us. After all the pain, seeing it will be good.
Being controlling Is such a no-no.
Back to business!
hopefully that is not some euphemism to masturbating simon
it should be a good night fingers crossed its been some time. I'm still feeling the effect of last sat :)
Can't help thinking about #Swamplandia! as a Floridian "Lolita" from the other point of view.
That is a lot of flights for the 1st QTR! Do you fly out of MSN, MKE or ORD the most? Ever consider letting us drive you?
Are you covering training camp today?
I just got attacked by a moth in my car!
I need a lil bad chick on my side,real talk but intell then I'mma be doing me
it's okay for me cos I have 2 brothers and a sister, but you know. Sometimes you miss mixing with different people.
Amazing when is the Accidental Affair in Los Angeles?
#BackInTheDayWhenIwasAKid I was so poor I didn't have a teddy bear, I had my sister. I still bit her nose off though.
Juice incredible job tonight brethren
Dairy products have a high PH that's very acidic, causing your blood sugar to spike! Body takes alkaline minerals out of bones! Sarah Taylor
Knicks last game on New Jersey. Kinda sad. Let's go Nets! Sniffles
So i hit yo girl a while ago
do any of the Boyz want to be back on ABDC? Shoutout to Idella
Aaron Rodgers is just so great.
A girl with pink hair said she likes my hat. Passion pits on brb
Vibe released a version 2.0 just in time for May Day! It's much improved. Really great. Available for iOS and Android.
We cant thank you enough Chicago! Thanks for followin us!
I miss you and your face! Wish you could've been with us last night! Need some wine & whine time with you!
of course Joe-Joe! And I won't even make you go pants shopping with me LOL Miss you buddy!
RT : It always rains the hardest, on the people who deserve the sun.
crazy, right? Hope you can join us tmrw for PHAME showcase of special needs performers, 7 pm at Aladdin Theater!
Just baked a fresh batch of incense. Who needs some?
How did it go? RT : Thnx to all who showed up for the #nafsa11 Tech MIG events!
DAMN!! The one night I didn't get to listen!
imm so Glad you are Feeling Better <3 7
And only 1 out. Fly ball wins.RT : like the aggressiveness, the one thing that would give me pause: Castro & LaHair up next.
Ronald Heifetz definition of leadership: the ability to mobilize group resources.
If there was a day for everything you have given to me as a mother, it would be a Mothers Day every day.
holiday flavors are my fave! I'm sensing pumpkin, spice, gingerbread perhaps. Hmm...
Great show coming up Sunday night be there
Come on Rose forget about the 3 and drive on em!!
2 chainz be rapping calm af for the whole verse then randomly want to scream one line...lol
Cool!!!! I saw the space shuttle parked at JFK from the AirTrain.
"I could maror myself to death." -
I wish I'd been born a Muppet.
Scottsdale! I miss it sometimes! The blondes, the tans, the implants...The dream.
Love that Jordan stood up for herself & Jeff and her points were totally valid. Kalia just killed her game!!
Thanks new followers, tell your friends!!
plus maude & i had 3 friends over (Unkle Cocoa,my stepbrother Timmy & cousin Eddie.) DadyG is gonna make me sum turkey now
That's true
A kayak is a great way to explore our Anclote River!
I love your Mama <3
Excited for #12NTCCollab with and
We in the ABQ, if you haven't hit an ESELL auction your missing out! PROMISE YOU
"I'll love you forever, I'll like you for always, as long as I'm living, my baby you'll be" xo
thinking sample it and throw some 808s under it, and tell him to stop coming at me wit corny Sh#t...lol that might be mean tho
My best friend brushes her armpit hair. :\
Very nice.
God got a teenager pregnant with himself bwaha! That last video has me dying!!!
Ive got a lovely bunch of coconuts (tiddly dee)
Still stuntin like Super Dave!
i was just thinking that...
Just found out Carroll Shelby died last week. End of an era.
Good morning to all hope you have a great saturday
I went to google to search for something. Anyone remember what it was?
What should BG and TJ tackle this week on the High Brour? Let us know!
FOLLOW ME PLEASE PLEASE I LOVE YOU YOU ARE MY DREAM I LOVE LOVE SO MUCH PLEASE FOLLOW ME PLEASE
thanks for the follow! I am glad to follow you now, too!
why, Jules? Why?
whats up bro this heat from that PONY song u produced... i live in LA now.. Heard u were here whts good
RT : The History of #Translation Infographic detailing #translation activity on Twitter over past 30 days:...
"Music is what feelings sound like."
i feel good when my friends come to me for advice :')
thats my old man! He's a champ.
A tendency to drastically underestimate the frequency of coincidence is a prime characteristic of innumerates, who generally accord great..
Thank you for the #ff :)
Just got back! But I think I left my brain there.
Hay lex can u unblock me please???!!!
How do you stay up to date on CRM news, ? Have a favorite industry magazine or resource?
Looks like I have to fix a leaky toilet b4 bed.
you can do it!
#OccupyAlbuquerque is still going. Base camp is at University & Central. Follow #OccupyBurque for info.
If you've decided to vote for Romney because of an issue that doesn't affect YOU in any way - marriage equality - you are just daft!
yeah, I think she was just a tad more faded than you!! She was so faded she couldn't talk, AND u were holding her up..Smh lol
LOL LOL! that's kinda funny :P
Kudos for supporting gay marriage; Stephen Colbert debuts new portmanteau, "gaylageddon"
#FF Thanks for the follows friends!
Broke down and got the poster.
Don't fall for anyone that's not willing to catch you, you'll land flat on your face.
It's so goin down...we're gonna act like we live at campus ridge tomorrow night!! haha
whoa whoa who is this twitter noob trying to shut down my game?
I prolly get the tickets 2moro
Looking for a tax lawyer who works with non-profits, if anyone can assist...
I lost my Uncle to a heart attack a year ago from yesterday when Daniel lost his :c May just isn't a good month
Admittedly, I've never really understood, nor found endearing, the word "swoon"
Really? You sure about that? Saving Face wins Best Documentary Feature!
is pretty
So far it is a good day, now lets hope some Stupid person doesn't come in and mess it up
"I love to read because it helps me learn more & encourage me to do stuff, & helps me find words." Rowen Elem 3rd grader
“What is reality?” ~ Ramtha
Pumped up kicks just came on the radio. #Old #Lol its my mom's ringtone.
TURN HATE INTO MOTIVATION FOR SUCCESS AND LIFE IS GOOD
Don't forget to visit the Prize Center at our virtual summit on ebooks for info on how to win an iPad today at the show!
O'Flaherty denying report he will step down. Says he intends to serve out as Judiciary chair this session.
I still think that we shouldn't rely on a rodent to decide how long winter will be for us.
How Did You Like Fliming With Kandi I Heard She Is A Good Actor
i miss that one night me & Kayla sat in the bathroom for hours talking about our life & families.. i told her stuff nobody else knows💗
Looking forward to a long day in the editing room tomorrow. That's where the magic happens!!!!
And your brain thanks you for this.
Intercon or Pfister? $50 says Dale Svuem will be in hotel bar by 630. Have seen him out countless times.
Control room. Jungle. Big bugs.
And the #Brewers end that inning with nothing. Still down 6-2.
Laziest Friday night.
We had a great time at The Press Room. There was a lot of good engery in the place. The stage was full of great talent.
#Tangled is officially my favorite movie, it's cute, funny, sad, cute, funny lol & that little chameleon is effin adorable <3 (: haha
Oh, I did—I just don't see it happening. Then again, I didn't see McCain–Palin, either, so...
Thanks for the great thought for leaders: "Want to be a better listener? Be less selfish and more curious."
You're making me wish I had cable!
I Just Want To Say Thank You To , , , & For Always Being Here For Me Through It All
you just hate him that much.
Listening to Arcade Fire at starbucks. I forgot how much I enjoy them.
what ian did with his shirt doe
FB more important than website! I'm tired of landing on a business website only to have to go to their FB Info page to read what they do
I know........ I got his pick too.... I use it every time I play bass.
yes they are amazing!
tomorrow I believe.
You fought hard Mr.Virus, but I am the victor.
www.leagoldman.com: Accepted into the book "Art Buzz, The 2010 Collection" www.artbuzz.org - by artists for artists.
#sherlockPBS time! I've been looking forward to this all week! (I can't decide whether that's sad or not- it's been a long week.)
A guy on tumblr just told me Weezer is the worst band ever..
I'm not for certain, but I think Al Harrington was in Ninja Turtles II.
Awesome, I'll sign up
I'd be somebody's wife with a couple of kids, trying my darndest to feel happy. At parties I'd say I was a writer & feel pathetic.
Lady Gaga is safe from bees!
patrickjcav: if you're going to buy all kinds of discount Valentine's Day candy tomorrow!
Dear Stomach, You are not fulfilling your digestive duty to this country. Do you hate America? Love, Patriot Harrison Shulik
#Kentucky Final Four watch parties: Daytona: Houligan's on Grenada; Jax: Blackfinn; Miami: BWW on Sunset. Find more on our site....
showing of beautiful maps and cartography via
#CodyAlliUstream I Love you guys! Im 14 about 2 turn 15 on the 26th & Im in the 11th grade. R there any M&GS for the Milwaukee show? 14
Rolling my foot on a trigger point ball under my desk... The
USC's Spring Break starts today!!!!! I'm so excited to go on tour to Chicago with
The hardest thing to do is watch the one you love, love someone else.
You have a turtle? I'm jelly.
That is totally what I thought!
All ASA students in Buenos Aires are safe after the train crash yesterday. Thoughts are w/ victims & families impacted by the accident.
grateful for friends, birthday bourbon, and birthday poutine.
ugh-so sorry
lol twitter is better then txt lol !
Iam just saying yo, that's real mushy. Imma start calling u Eric begay. LOL
Idaho judge drops charges in moonwalk dance case - Northwest Cable News
my baseball coach always said " your as good as your last at bat" or if he was talking to team " your as good as your last gm"
#comm_college faculty convened for #scalinginnovation meeting say students struggle with vocabulary
gotta love that
Wishing everyone a healthy and happy holiday with family and friends!
MAGIC MIKE will be so very difficult to watch. BUT I WILL MUSCLE MY WAY THROUGH IT.
love the new album! I haven't stopped listening to it since I got it! "Everyone left" makes the morning drive to work bearable!
let's both move out n live downtown. K great :)
you can call me :)
hey you, yeah you...your a pretty cool kid :)
Not over The Twitter. Not enough characters to properly explain.
So mad muhh camera on muhh computer it is so not working
I always think I could just lounge and watch TV indefinitely, but day 3. I'm done.
the calls to deal him for howard start up again?
#albumintros "Sympathy for the Devil" Beggar's Banquet, "Immigrant Song" LZ I, "Once" Ten, "Don't Stop Til You Get Enough" Off The Wall.
I know right gonzaga is too real. Just ask there the love of his life
Doin it and doin it and doin it well
Good morning..... Todays the big day kicking October off with a Hawaiian luau!
is definitely sold on going and is stoked to see Jones and By August for their september shows at 9:30 club
stupid I am be quit before I get dashaun to dunk on u again
My Mom Embarrassed Me In Front Of my Cuzins! I'm Like Hiding Now :(
Demings principle that allows any employee to make decisions about quality is called Empowerment.~D
Just rocked an audition for a tv series and saw my friend Dawn Wells!
Thanks for the #libmade RTs, ! What a great conversation yesterday.
Follow back thanks!
You do seem to be the twextpert... feel free to drop by sometime and clue me in on all things twitter. :)
: Mine is that you'd use your energy to defend someone who actually needs defending ...
Thanks for the RTs &
we hear you! ours are self-paced, so the faster you finish, the cheaper they are - talk about motivation!
Where have they been keeping Colin Firth this whole time?
needs a crash course in twitter... anyone want to teach me?
finished book, great book. Thanks for getting it for me!
When i'm in the pool and I try to do a hair flip like Ariel and i look like a penguin with a neck spasm. ♥
omg, no haha i'm not like that. I appreciate everyone that tweets me :), thank you <3 you are too!
I really don't care for her anymore. She is a selfish whore.
Forest Park dictating how this game will b played early vs Potomac. Stalled to bring potomac out of man to man
“: Friends are like boobs. Some are big, some are small. Some are real and some are fake.” How true this is!!!
good morning sunshine;)
Just pre-ordered the album. Can't wait to hear some new stuff from you guys.
-> no question, bro!
Ditto. RT So Texas over Cincy wasn't one of my better picks, I gather.
Just had a delicious double burger at Shack Shack. Goodbye bread, old friend, I'll miss you.
loved you in "The Pact" at Sundance. Thanks for following.
ah stupid questions I missed by two!! Oh well next time I'll kickass <3
I was quite pleasantly surprised:) you did a fantastic job putting that together!
Stiemsma and Garnett are a nice duo in Boston's frontcourt.
marrying a trapstar, life will be a breeze
Gluten Free Dominos Pizza >
We sell laptop batteries at highly reduced values. Consumers need a trustworthy, competitive US based alternate to OEM's.
Need a GREAT literary agent? These folks are accessible, online, real.
Wat it do world
lol. You are too adorable for words.
good things happen to good ppl 💚
Ankle is killing me
I swear I had an orgasm when I saw iron mans car ;D
Church is nearly full for funeral of Delois Brown & her parents. Congregation will hear recording of her singing in the church choir.
Every right decision I’ve ever made has come from my gut, & every wrong decision I've ever made was a result of me not listening. -Oprah
I'm super excited about this next DS. I hope it's clear!
Your team was too crazy. Next year we play for big $!
www.madisonavenue.com - take survey to re-design Madison Ave, Midtown Memphis.
I so would if I looked like a Michelle
Taking my digital final exam! Wish me luck!
and we're thankful for your thankfulness!
LIKE BIEBER IS MY BEAST ON FACEBOOK
Sorry we didn't get to chat yesterday regarding your ordering system. I will call again after lunch.
Has anyone tried moving directly from Drupal 5.22 to Drupal 6.22? update.php gives me an empty, white screen *&^%&%#!!!
gawd i havent been on twitter in FOREVER
Headed back to Boston for a visit. Can't wait for drinks in the so end.
Wat go down followers? Tell me somthin i dont know?
yes!! Winston was not a looker! btw- the "love" I mentioned was Stella Artois! ;)
don't think it could come any faster....Seen them in Knoxville and Loved It.
Hey Ellen, how many trees does it need to be. For you to call it a forest? Hope you can help me with this ☺
I am following you now!
Love the grass roots movement of #RonPaul!
I just followed...waiting on my 3+ haha !! Thanks for reaching out - help us grow too !!
Lovely! And so true, especially for a (yawn) Monday morning. Thanks for the mention!
Make a Referral Monday - For powerful e-mail marketing with great ROI for your business go to:
Anyone need a #Coachella ticket? A friend is selling one for the second weekend - get at me.
It's telling that all the audience comments are indeed comments and not questions.
Well this is just peachy..~_~
It's not too late to take advantage of the 40% discount for our upcoming Foundation Class - which begins TONIGHT! Email .
Lets Go Montero!
am weirded out by the white upper class type people "dancing" at alterra to lcd soundsystem and the talking heads.
Get to it mister. I pre-ordered mine!
We have 300-400 people. Sponsors get their logo on our websites, emails, & slides at the event. Hope you can make it!!
If you text a girl (who literally has zero feelings for you) just a number trying to imply something, chances are
Coming up shortly Dr. Jill Ricke on on !!! Stay tuned!!!
the beauty of a women must be seen from in her eyes, because that is the doorway to her heart, the place where love resides.
#NHL Hockey, like #INDYCAR Racing, must be seen live to be truly appreciated.
Okay watching Real Sex on HBO really makes me want to do it in the mud.... srsly.
and NBA fantasy ends, I get 3rd place. 3rd place! 3rd place! 3rd place! not 4th as it was in Semi-Pro
Tried out the new chant tonight! #SouthCitySyndicate loved it! Maybe it can turn into chant!!
Life gets better when you're around the right people.
I fully embrace the slow coding movement; ApplePy, for example, was only worked on in 2001, 2007 and 2011
that is true.
WHIT! What team are you on! WHAT.
nope. But you were complimenting me like mad so I had to ask if I know you lol.
doesn't look good
#HIMYM ARE YOU KIDDING ME?!?!?!
We can't privatize and deregulate our way out of every problem. Only a government ageny, answerable to the people, should operate prisons.
When: This Thursday at 9am. Where: Your office. What: Coffee Bomb. Who wants it?
i did reply back
people can't give away their all star game tickets yet we couldn't get into the Oregon Auburn game for under $500
I'm gay and that's the way I will stay. ;)
Thank you :)
Good girls' lacrosse game between Riverdale and Hackley. Tied 5-5 at half.
Balboa park's Air & Space Museum will have free admission on Tuesday Dec. 28 from 10 am to 4 pm
My 2nd fav band, , will play @ Circle-A Cafe in Riverwest tonight, 8 pm central time (My 1st favorite band is George Michael)
If it ain't.bout food or.money don't call the num
My man learned to reply all! Hell yeah Fred. RT put your money where your mouths are!
No problem, catching up on a lot of follow backs right now!
I love not having anything to do
Do they have any commercials for gay men? That aren't on gay websites?
in need of some company!
RT : Congratulations to Lea, who is getting married today! She's here this mornin' getting made up fabulous by
I want a relationship like Louis and eleanor ... And Liam and Danielle
Night on the town in the D. Bc we be imported from Detroit.
“: Am I the only 1 who can drink this early?”/!!!!
John Brennan: "There is nothing in international law that bans the use of remotely piloted aircraft for [national self-defense]."
Loved the intense rainy day though it went away as quickly as it appeared.
what happened to "being best friends and talking everyday?"
RT : I'd be more into the Oprah show being over if we got to sink her and turn her into an artificial reef at the very end.
Our life could be a reality show
Hope everyone had a great Memorial Day!
Happy birthday, Erik! We wish you a bday filled with day-old Hostess cupcakes! RT : #HappyBirthday, Sr. Principal
parker misses the chip shot, that hurts
EW EW EW HES SO CREEPY! Excuse me while I go puke because this is so gross.
wait... why is dude posting this stuff, saying MSNBC is FOxnews for gays, but his interests are "The Rachel Maddow SHow?"
Life is a choice.
RT : S/O to &amp; #HeartAttack hit #1 today on !! Yeah Buddy!!!
if it isn't much trouble, I'd like to get that recipe at some point.
If doesn't visit and Tavern, it'd be a goddamn shame.
"I didn't fight my way to the top of the food chain to be a vegetarian."
HOT NEW DIAMOND TEES FRESH OUT THA BOX TODAY! COME GET YOURS !!!
all again for you, august is over, the entire smile kid album.....
RT 3 teams are tied atop the Mountain West this week.. who's going to win it all? #mwbb>>
S/O to for being awesome, I love you! And btw we are totally hanging out this Summer <3 (:
Send some of that gear to the way of the Wisco baby, start sumthin new
Does one take the money and run from Kodak?
Visiting with family and friends is wonderful, but there's no place like home!
hmm, beautiful white face on top of What looks to be a red body. Fire the photographer!
Let me write that down in my 'Things I don't give a fuck about' notebook.
Pictures due by next thursday :)
Who ever thought they would see the day that Tim Tebow went to hell?
Look both ways before you cross the street. Always.
NYC @ Arlene's Grocery tomorrow! If you know those any NYC peeps let them know! Important show for us <3
I would wake up with a sore throat....great
Trying to catch up on MobWives and I keep falling asleep. This season is LAME
oh my god i had no idea! we're even more meant for each other than i thought
It is with great sadness that I accept your preemptive resignation. You were a worthy opponent.
text me!!
Thanks for the RT
1:30 AM Spending time emailing with my young model friend from up north....I really need more guy friends...someday...lol...lol...
. Hey Scotty . You coming back to Mass again anytime soon ? I saw you at that Top Rope show . Great match !!
alright sounds good
Was able to get Row L for Dream Theater after trying a different card. Black Clouds and Silver Linings today...
Found jeans at Old Navy, was informed that they were on sale for $2.48, then was informed I acted like I won the lottery.
Wish my shoulder & neck didn't hurt #wahwahwah #complain 👎😁
No homework tonight ;3
what ring is that???
Neybor wins 2nd place at #onstage pitch event in crowd-favorite and most viable idea categories!
haha..you can't win em all!
Don't go through phones if u don't want you're feelings hurt
62 & sunny at Grove today...along with $3.75 glasses of Viognier all day...their might be an impromptu patio party. Someone bring a guitar.
have fun with them ;) and make sure to give them back tomorrow :)
Looking forward to the day!
Ten percent of Americans 12+ use twitter but 90 percent have heard of it says
like creationism? Or not mentioning homosexuality? Or abstenance only sex ed?
you got it! i'll text you when i leave.
Time for
Let's try the No twitter thing for the rest of the day. Goodnight World
Needs to study for environmental science midterm. yay
The greatest strength of the Web is its true nature, the ability to be flexible and adapt.
I dated a guy who had balls so big that I could do ab work on them.
huge fan of tom! please follow bak?
A girl knows her limits, but a wise girl knows she has none. - Marilyn Monroe
Hmm. Sounds fishy. Although I wouldn't go as far as and say it was a trap. Most likely a letter was s'posed to come.
tnx i followed bak can yhu also follow ILL FOLLOW YUH BAK WIT IT ALSO
new york really loves you! :)
danm my girl is coming over and my house looks like a tornado passed through gotta do the quicky through everything in the closet
have fun!! Oh and have a drink or two for me!!
There's a really good chance I'm going to buy Roxette's greatest hits on iTunes. It's awesome and only $7.99.
The Top people to follow on twitter to me are The One Direction Boys, Justin Bieber, Ed Sheeran, Demi lovato, Austin Mahone, And others
Getting my tan on. :)
I do workshops on it & have an article about community engaged scholarship on the tenure track. Maybe it'll help. We can also DM
loves her nieces and nephews with all of her heart! <3 <3 <3 <3
Friday... Only one week until our next show, which is in Athens at Casa with sassafraz!
Todays daily special: Jamacian style chicken soup YUM! only $3.00 a cup come get it while its hot!
Left out of this morning's list-serv message: Deadline to submit Prof. Dev. Reimbursement requests to LISSA is TOMORROW, March 2!
girl right! That's all they want
Wow. Denver DA charges woman with pair of felonies for allegedly lying to get out if jury duty.
When a subject becomes totally obsolete we make it a required course
hahahahah! you wish!
Thanks for a wonderful reception at the University Club tonight! So proud to be in ODK!
love it! Beautiful voices and very cute together.
Ray J will have the du rag flapping in the wind in celebration tonight.
Great weekend Israel Independence day at the Straz Center in Tampa, now off to Pier 60 to finish things off!
update 2.0: [ ] knew what dime was
#IfIwonthelotterytonight I would Go to Vegas immediately
Yaaay I passed my wonderlic test for my culinary arts school. I'm so excited and proud of myself AWESOME YEAH BUDDY.
you're goofy
love the name Roxie for a pooch!
I was doing so good tho :/ lol but it's somehow still working
Thank you for following us back and for your support!
Thank you!
A Big Fish In A small pond
You lookin to build some muscle man? Tmw voice
did you get a hard case for the akai apc40? I need to get one
Up here @ 254 ink across from west end mall ...we getting it N ...20% off tats
If you take care of your character, your reputation will take care of itself. ~ American Proverb
: Not mine per se, but… you can add a trigger to set the update to happen at regular intervals… Can I email you a bit later?
One wrong turn trying to exit the Herald Square train station and I'm wandering around JCPenney for an hour.
So incredibly envious! What a group!
We just received SO many accessories from Top it Off! Cute, preppy totes, flipflops and keychains. It's gonna take me forever but check back
12 in a row!
I felt ma bed shake, and nobody was in ma room!? WTF
Wouldn't *increasing* their availability make more people recycle?
my humor is like Franks... You can put that shit on everything!
people, they come and the go, just as easy as breathing. u aint nobody but a person to me, and i aint wasting no more air on.
I always win
Deepest Condolences...
' Newsflash: I am special, and I will never be one of you! I have a disease? Bulls**t! I cured it with my brain, with my mind
Bring me along..Bring me along!! Ohhhwhoaaa take me anywhere with you my girl!! Why can't it be June 15th already I'm in full Pepper mode.
now do the bourne movies.
Thanks to BizJournalMke and for posting about the Grand Ave!
i must be running on sunshine, ain't no rain gettin in my way
you need a man like you need rat poison in your cereal.
watch out! (crash!)
Ate at Veerasway last night. On Randolph. Very nice, service was great, food has some kick. Drinks are strong. Thumbs up.
Robin Van Perdie because all season he played great and is a goal scoring machine!
Have a great stay in Japan! Happy to keep you connected!
Home sweet alone
Installing Komplete 8? Set aside a few hours. ;) I'm quite pleased with it so far (installed 2-3 months ago).
hey man let's hang soon!
Why do banks attach chains to their pens? If I’m trusting you with my money, you should trust me with your pen
McFadden looks good, JaMarcus looks big
#ThingsLongerThanNorthKoreasMissileLaunch A movie you watch when you're sleepy
lmao. ill try not too... im writing shit better than anything youve ever done.
a little treat, we have to go backto russets soon unfortunately. Order a rye manhattan next time to wash them down.
WILL IT COST MORE TO HAVE MY CAR FIXED AT CAR CRAFTERS? No. Only what is damaged will be fixed. At Car Crafters, there are no surprises.
Ok final question is on environment - know some people in twitter happy to hear that. Also, I'm getting sleepy. Time to go home!
Hell yeah RT“: The fighter was one of the realest movies I've seen in a minute.”
I know dat was stupid Freaky lol
WOW - the entire West coast!
We're Coming!!!
^The disciples asked him, “Why then do the teachers of the law say that Elijah must come first?” Jesus replied, “To be sure, Elijah...
hey, im trying to unpack combofix and get at the code you use to install the cmdcons for xp. I'm making an AV cd and I'll trade.
officially hasn't cal only taken UK to the final four?
pick up your phone!!
RT : "I don’t write for children," Maurice Sendak told Stephen Colbert. "I write. And somebody says, that’s for children."
Fort Skeezy ain't seen the likes of me yet
good for you..You do look great:)
Thanks, Sean. Go Mariners!
thanks! glad you like it! :)
Working on some cover letters!
i got a friend out here who just put me on to a bunch of survivalist game too... stalking prey, finding edibles,
My eyes hurt..
The ones who supposed to be your niggaz really don't give a fuck about you.
Thank YOU, for rocking my mind at Brick City Sound Riot!
has officially deleted her Twitter page...the fans went crazy on her for bullying Kesha. They ran her off Twitter.
Today is a day for remembering and honoring.
Why must you forget about me :/
Today wuss a qudd day until I qot out of school.! Hope it continues.! not n the mood for anymore bs
A Mexican jockey wins Kentucky Derby on Cinco De Mayo...That works!!!
everything is gay
I'm gonna go with smoke on this one or it would be cool to see Austin win
it's almost like basic instinct but basic instinct is better. If ya haven't seen it get it watched xx
Wtf what is going on
I'm in one right now at North Bowl. Will let you know when the next season starts.
Lol who are you trying to fool...
lmao food coma
all the sweetest winds they blow across the south.
amazing game!!! #warriors #boss <3
weak ass niggaz!
I wonder if Louis CK and Lena Dunham's success will give rise to more auteur-ish shows.
Anyone have any great monologue suggestions? Need two for an exercise I'm doing with my amazing mister boss man.
shoot for the moon and even if you miss you'll end up with the throngs of people trying to get in outside.
An incorrect description. It was an independent PAC. Unfortunately, the candidates have no control over these.
I sent you a lovely message on fb... :)
At #IFC #Worldbank for signature Leopard Haiti Fund. 75M financing project. 75% Haiti 25% DR
Happy Friday! "Anything is possible. Anything can be." ~ Shel Silverstein
It's National Talk Like A Pirate Day. . .so arrgghhh!!
Hello world. Woke up feeling good today
Come on Ovy
This made my day! Much love! RT : The only brand i wear is its my favorite!
RT : I seriously can't wait for hoot fest this summer.
Downloaded 231 rock lullabies for HERO. Some are actually pretty good.
Nothing tastes better on a cold Portland day than a warm cuppa joe....EXCEPT for a nice winter beer this evening! I <3 the NW!
I do not eat peeps. They are much too sweet for my taste. "The more you know"
i think i'm gonna go take a nap..
See the Weeping Meadow DVD for Angelopoulos telling the story of how Tarkovsky introduced him to Tonino Guerra.
Wonderful weekend with Could not be more blessed with wonderful friends
Love that I run into at all my commercial auditions. Don't mind starting my day with her adorbleness!!
What up Nix!
want your bad romance ☮ ☮
#BocaGrande Fire Dept wins rib cookoff at #pioneer day Desoto County.
I need a nap 
I can't seem to find Tiger Woods on the leader board at the Masters...oh never mind, had to scroll to the 4th page...meow!
Head down now to see our beautiful cinemascope print of '4 Months, 3 Weeks & 2 Days.' Tonight at 7 & 9:30pm.
Every week I give 2 Broke Girls a chance after HIMYM...and I never make it past the opening sequence.
Making deserts for fun love having food on hand and ready for the holidays .
The average cat sleeps about 2/3 of the day
Anytime! I'm here until tomorrow morning. Would love to chat!
ready to watch do work tonight.
#Coyotes want this series tonight. Their intensity is intense.
eh, I'll compost them tomorrow. After I take down the tree.
i think it's guest exclusive anyway just like wilderness. ugh. I don't wanna go to crapahari and pay $200 either
aww love u too :,)
We perceive when love begins and when it declines by our embarrassment when alone together
This dude just called my professor a c*** because he didn't like his grade on the open book multiple choice test and map quiz #JuCo!
I'm not making jokes about the charges against the #StopKony fellow. I'm saying that should NOT claim that he is "malnourished."
so happy you guys are back! I felt so uninformed!!!
I'm going to tea bag Johan Santana. And he's going to like it.
At this point, thinking mode of storms across Iowa will help to take heaviest rain chances just south of SW and SC WI tonight
it's friday girl. why so angry today?
“: Not being able to get any cutty <<<<”that's that hurt tho
Our warmest day will be tomorrow as temperatures soar into the 50s. #KSTP Thanks Patrick Hammer.
Idgaf pickles are still good to have this late at night.
If interested, I'm dickieroc in Dice with Buddies.
Is this s--t real, should i kiss youu? After all the things that we've been through, i gotchuu, yeah, look what you've done for me now ♥.
M.I.A
Thanks for the RT! You ROCK (as always)!
Remember when marketing to children meant adding a Z to every product name? It's not like that anymore. Kids these days are all about E's.
Are you sure that's how you spell it? Okay...."Cooties" it is, you oughta know ;)
where do I go to apply to be a "test dummy"!! Lol
there was a place selling die-cut leather a few years ago. Maybe check eBay?
No exciting photos today, but I did take a nap in the sun on my porch only to be woken up by a deer walking by. Spring weather=bright mood
so happy for you old friend that you have found your ever after. Love you and to pieces. Happy Wedding Day!
You're good to go as long as you're a subscriber! We'll make sure you get some swag.
Well, I'm not sure it is a good film, but it's memorable. Hope you do get on screens someday. You've got great presence.
I think I'm gonna buy a potted plant to grow. Check out my green thumb. :)
STAR WARS IS ON OH EM GEE! :D
happy birthday good Sir.
really how is it possible then? radio is very expensive
#giftwrapping. it's that time of year...
nope yall one of a kind
RT I Love my big sleepy head
haha thanks man :D
If he inspires you, then he is certainly awesome!
o u think this is bad u just wait there's madd jordans coming out this year
That was the best D ND has played all night
Going to walk 12 miles to navy pier. Beautiful evening. BFF leaving for NYC tomorrow, the day she gets back I leave for florida,
if you're on Virgin there's a plug between your seats.
Yea, I was really disappointed. Watery.
Another day of work.. Go Spurs Go
----> RT : I was a better writer when I was emotionally unstable.
I like unicorns <3
This is message from friendstream.
Can't decide on dinner??? WTF this is an important decision tonight!
Its okay to change the methods; but don’t touch the message. Share the message in places where people are most likely to receive it.
yeah I think you're right
its been a crazy year:O heheh and i loved every min of it ;)
I wish it was that easy!
very excited because I am now on Twitter. Please follow me and I will follow you too! :-)
Thinks needs to do a live version of Mean Planes and Taylor Gangs mixup by Brenton Duvall
wats the obsession with justin bieber im srry for this but i dont get it !!!!!
Totally enjoyed talking with ! Thank you for the book signing!
minus 36 cents for me, 93 FTL *cops bike*
Work in 15 :/
wow, ok, Maybe that's deserved ;-) ❤
Good Luck! Hope it goes well.
There's photoshop, auto tune, & plastic surgery. Too bad there's nothing for your ugly personality.
Just bought my tix to see in Seattle, cause he's playing in PDX when I'm at Radiohead. King of Limbs and the King of Rap.
Don't blow this save League
My CD goes on sell in Missouri tomorrow! Make sure you pick up a copy!
you think I'm lying to you?
Seriously, the #oscars are insufferable! Not even watching them in a room full of gay men could make it funny.
Hey Bubba! You ain't one of those SOBs, are ya?
great, how is it gonna be?
for making smss12 trend... and of course for many other undisclosed reasons :) have a good one
it's good.
Hugh Crawford: Object orientation as a form of desire like other orientations.
I like to think it's with my looks.
Now this we'd love to see! RT One word: Grubby.
that would be first of the year ya??
down, let's make some images
I'll add my voice here as well. Good luck tomorrow! :)
Santa is the biggest pimp. He comes and goes in less than 5 minutes, calls you a HO, and leaves before you get up.
I swear... Sometimes, I want to rip my fucking hair out -.-
"Agreed! ☺ : Totally! Listen more, Hurt less!"
thanks. Appreciate that. Peace.
meg is peeing!
Self-discipline is essential.
I can still cringe at a POWDER reference. Thanks, ! ;-)
unfortunately it's mini hd dv tape (card is only for stills). Don't have another device that can read it :(
Already planning my return to to witness Childish Gambino on 4/20
Am I the only 15 yr old who hasn't lost all their teeth yet
I'd love a bourbon vacation about now, but Vodka doesn't have any Carbs.
Rushers Rock (:
JB please come even here in india .........
what function returns the current taxonomy term for a tax archive page in wordpress?
If you think it's time for us to have new music, comment this status stating your favorite dessert.
"Studying" with :)
Had a good night :)
FYI: Visualization tools like hypnosis can work wonders!
sweet man ill check every day :D
happy birthday
thanks for the mention RT : #Nf If you live or study in Baltimore, you should too.
but, oh what the hell, trolling is fun too. "The Grizzlies will win the Title."
you and april are way too similar. she is the same with those markers and notebooks.
My wife is a geek. Set up the router, fixed the wireless keyboard & programmed the Peel device. Oh, & made an awesome poached Salmon
Ya Allah, please make me more beautiful. Amin :)
Holy moly - just like that it's over! Thnx Nancy and Rich, and all my new friends for making #mw2012 a *blast* (O, and great learning too).
I know it's all bad smh
I have some #hustling to do tomorrow. But I see an evening boat ride in my future.
Can you follow me,OnceAponAGrande sent you a message,Umm...? It would mean the world to me!
Go follow Vegas' own Olympic hopeful Reindell Cole he is currently training w TEAM USA
OOH KENNY U A DAMM LIERR FOLKS IM BEATIN HIS ASS ON MY MAMA HEAD I AM
Nothing cleans the colon like some oakland gyros with extra hot sauce
I got next!
I wish I knew more people who understand what I do.
It's sunny out! Enjoy your morning Pittsburgh!
haha I believe ya (:
Sitting in my harry potter room because too lazy to move ;-;
The Big Notebook
The boys are supposed to be back in the UK tomorrow! Then their next big thing is the US, 19 days until Chicago, I'm dying guys :) -Caitlin
I miss Rap City!!!
Insert #Latino & replace Port. w/ #California then read again... #economy via Lack Of Graduates Hampers Portugal's Recovery
Hope our background vocals are right. lol
I lost you at last night! It was a mad house in there
#ImThatPersonWho cares about others not just Myself
Busy weekend of birthday celebrating amidst stints of work and quality time with my kiddos.
😳RT : Need Some new nipple rings
Un treno presto sto andando a Roma. Buon giorno. Early train to Rome. Sounds like a country song.
My great uncle, unaware of the movie, would joke about people having something that "runs after the family" as opposed to in.
Yeah, I think they really biffed it on the casting. I pictured Malcolm McDowell as President Snow, not Donald Sutherland.
Start tweeting! What makes you proud of ? Tweet
The day is flying by, thank god!!!!
Ain't no woman alive that could take my mama's place! R.I.P. Mama </3
Family day. Fun with family
What you get
the question has been asked.
Check out Jenny Saldana's "Happy Cancer Chick Web Series" on youtube. It is both educational and entertaining. I love it!!!!!!!!
I think this is what they call cyber bullying. I don't remember agreeing on this
Thank you very much for your vote and your support!
I already answered before as Swe/Ger hybrid for "breadbasket" as far as I can tell.
Angel was one of the most Amazing doggies ever!! Angel will be missed. I love you Angel.<3
Congrats to the John Jay Award Honorees! They will be honored tonight at the John Jay Award Dinner for exceptional work in their careers
Champions aren't made in the gyms. Champions are made from something they have deep inside them - a desire, a dream, a vision. -Muhammad Ali
the NFL draft is not about selecting the best players. it's about making a splash.
Teacher/Bully: How My Son Was Humiliated and Tormented by his Teacher an...: via
Oh yay, after a terrible day of crying now my computer is going to die in about 3 minutes oh yay.
Let all who are under authority imitate these men and not obey those who give unjust orders. Bl Theophylact (Explanation of John 7:44-46)
THANK YU TO EVERYONE THAT HAS TAKEN THE TIME TO LISTEN TO MY NEW SINGLE SO FAR! PLZ SHARE W/UR FRIENDS!!!! VIDEO COMING SOON!
IF YOU'RE GONNA HATE ON LIKE THAT, YOU'RE FUCKING HEARTLESS AND YOU NEED A SMACK IN THE DAMN FACE. WOW.
okaay if you say so
hahahaha cool day actually, mine was boring -.- I had to study , at least Friday and saturday was amazing ;) brb
when you love your friends so much, you do everything you can to keep loving them
and #NewEra #Cavs I could see them sneaking in the playoffs at the #7 seed!
Federer one time (bloods over crips, for those watching the match) - it'll be a great start to an awesome week. Med app - almost, vegas ...
